「アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりましたよ。」「お宝いっぱいだから、にいちゃん喜ぶかな～？」「うん、ミミたちのこと褒めてくれるよ～♪」=
「るんたった～、アドベンチャー終わったよ～♪」「にいちゃんに早くお宝を見てもらおうよ、キョウカ！」「うん、珍しいものがあるかもしれないからね。」=
あ〜んっ！ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいになったわ〜！もうダメ、あふれちゃう〜！=
あ、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱい。すぐに先輩に伝えないと…でも、向き合うのは恥ずかしいし…うぅ、どうしよう…=
あ！　スタミナがふぎゅっ！…ス、スタミナが全回復しましたぁ…=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
あっ、スタミナが回復したみたいだよ～！お出かけしようよ、キミも、シオリンも一緒に♪=
あの…ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです…これを使えば、人と話さずに動ける…かも？=
あのさ。ギルドハウスのスキップチケット、クソほど余ってンだけど。そろそろ戻ってきた方がいんじゃないの=
あのさ。なんかギルドハウスのEXPポーション、売るほど余ってンだけど。え、売っちゃっていいのコレ=
あのさ。なんかギルドハウスのスタミナ、満タンなってるけど。少しはユニ先輩に分けたげた方がいんじゃないの=
あのさ。なんかギルドハウスのマナ、じゃぶじゃぶ溢れかえってンだけど。もったいなさすぎて草=
あら、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいじゃない。楽するところはして、空いた時間で足湯にでも浸かりましょ=
あら、スタミナが全回復したのね。元気になったのなら、また実験に付き合ってくれるかしら？=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
あら、スタミナが全快してるわね。体力が余ってるなら、あたしの仕事、手伝ってくれない？=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
あらあら、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだわ。あなたといろんな所に行けるわね～=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
あらあら、スタミナが全回復したみたいよ。暖かくして初詣に出かけましょうか～♪=
あらあらまぁまぁ、ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱい！先生がついてるわ、頑張ってお片付けしましょうね♪=
ア、アドベンチャーが完了しました…どうしよう…陽キャみたいに眩しいお宝ばかりです…=
ア、アドベンチャーが終わりました！知らない人だらけでしたけど、宝物も手に入ってよかったです♪=
ア、アドベンチャーが終わりました…なんか、いいものも拾えましたので、見に来てもらえませんか…？=
ア、アドベンチャーが終わりました…宝物も拾えたので、お兄ちゃんも確認してください…♪=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ア、アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました…クウカにお宝の価値はわからないので確認を…=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ア、アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりました！拾った宝物の確認をお願いします…=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ア、アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりました…クルミも宝物探し、頑張ってきましたよ…お兄ちゃん♪=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
アドベンちぇるで設定していた繰り返し出発がちぇるっと完了しました。報酬ちぇる盛りですよ。ちぇる～ん☆=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
アドベンチャー、しゅ～りょ～…いやー、しんどかったよ～。お宝も持って帰ってきたし、もう寝かせて…=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
アドベンチャー、一件楽チャックです！お兄ちゃん、手に入れた報酬を確認してくださいね？=
アドベンチャー、完了！お宝も持って帰ってきたし、にいちゃんほめてー♪=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
アドベンチャー、完了！シオリンと、どんなお宝をゲットしてきたのか見せてあげるね～、きらーんっ☆=
アドベンチャー、完了だよ～！お宝もゲットしたから、ちゃんと見に来てよね？きらーん☆=
アドベンチャー、終わったよ！ほらほら、お兄ちゃんもお宝を確認しようよ♪=
アドベンチャー、終わったよ～☆珍しそうな宝物も手に入ったから、すぐに見に来てほしいな～=
アドベンチャー、終わったわ…。報酬も、たくさんもらえたの…。全部あげるから…待ってるわ、ね？=
アドベンチャー、終わりました～♪報酬もちゃんとあるから、はよう見に来てな～？=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
アドベンチャー、終わりましたぞ～！しっかりお宝も手に入ったので、鑑定ヨロです♪=
アドベンチャーが完了いたしました。主さま、さっそく成果をご確認くださいませ=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
アドベンチャーが完了した。報酬もあるから、キミにも確認してほしいな=
アドベンチャーが完了したぞ！報酬も無事持ち帰ってこれたし、軍人として最高の成果だな！=
アドベンチャーが完了したぞ！運命に導かれて得られた、禁断の報酬に刮目せよ！=
アドベンチャーが完了したぞ。疾く報酬を受け取るがいい。我々ユニちゃんズの活動資金も随時募集中だ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
アドベンチャーが完了したのー！お宝は手に入ったけど、ミヤコはそれよりプリンが欲しいの～！=
アドベンチャーが完了したよ！お宝も持って帰ってきたから、はやく見に来てよー♪=
アドベンチャーが完了したよ。助手くん、手に入った証拠物件…もとい、お宝を確認してくれたまえ♪=
アドベンチャーが完了したよ。報酬？そんなの、かわいいボクが無事帰ってきたことがなによりの報酬じゃないか♪=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
アドベンチャーが完了したよ。忘れずに報酬を確認してね、騎士クン♪=
アドベンチャーが完了したわ。この私を顎で使うだなんて…報酬もあるし、出迎えくらいはしてもらえるのかしら？=
アドベンチャーが完了したわ。興味深い報酬も手に入ったから、君も確認してちょうだい？=
アドベンチャーが完了しました。報酬も手に入りましたし、ツアーのようなものでしたね。確認をお願いします=
アドベンチャーが完了しましたよ、お兄ちゃん！アカリが拾ってきたお宝、見てほしいなぁ～♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
アドベンチャーが完了しましたよ。ふふっ…皆様とたくさん冒険ができて、とても楽しかったです…♪=
アドベンチャーが無事に完了いたしましたわ！サレンさん、お宝鑑定の準備はよろしくて？=
アドベンチャーが無事に終わったわ。お宝も手に入ったし、君にも見てほしいな♪=
アドベンチャーが終わったぜ！もちろん、お宝も持って帰ってきてるから、確認してくれよな！=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
アドベンチャーが終わったぜ。お宝もいくつか拾ってきたから、キミも見てくれないか？=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
アドベンチャーが終わったぞ！このワタシが直々に出陣したんだ、報酬は期待していいぞ☆=
アドベンチャーが終わったぞ！はやくお宝を見に来いよ！オマエが喜ぶものばかりだぞ！=
アドベンチャーが終わったぞ。わらわが同行したのじゃ、当然お宝も持ち帰っておるぞ？見に来るがいい=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
アドベンチャーが終わったですぅ～！いっぱい迷子になったですけど、お宝見つけましたよ！えっへん！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
アドベンチャーが終わったにゃ～！これからお宝の鑑定をするから、いっしょに確認してほしいにゃ！=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
アドベンチャーが終わったのです！このあたしがお宝を持ち帰ってきたんですから、さっさと見に来るです！=
アドベンチャーが終わったべ！早く集めたお宝を確認して、べこの世話に戻らねぇと！=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
アドベンチャーが終わったみたいよ！どんなお宝が手に入ったのか、さっさと確認しましょ？=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！お宝も手に入ったし、凱旋ライブでも開いちゃおうかな♪=
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！グレアと一緒だったから調子良かったんだよね♪報酬もあるから確認してみて！=
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！けんぞくぅ！ヴァンピィちゃんが見つけたお土産、見て見てー♪=
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！どんなものが手に入ったのか、一緒に見てみない？=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！ミミ、がんばって宝物拾ってきたから、見に来て～♪=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
アドベンチャーが終わったよ！報酬もあるし、冒険の思い出もたくさん話したいから、また会いに来てね♪=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
アドベンチャーが終わったよ。いろいろ拾ったんだけど、よく分からなくて…少年も確認してくれないか？=
アドベンチャーが終わったよ。お宝も手に入ったんだけど、これって国庫に入ったりしないよね？=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
アドベンチャーが終わったよ。さくっと持ち帰ってきた報酬のお披露目会といこうじゃないか=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
アドベンチャーが終わったよ。ルナ、頑張ったから、おにいさんと早くお話したいな=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
アドベンチャーが終わったよ。報酬、渡しておくね。アンやルゥだけじゃなくて私にも手伝わせてくれてありがとう=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
アドベンチャーが終わったよ～！面白い物も拾ったし、キミにも見てほしいさ〜♪=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
アドベンチャーが終わったよー！お宝も手に入って、最高にテンアゲって感じだし♪とりまチェックよろー！=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
アドベンチャーが終わったわ！お宝も手に入ったし、ちょっと一緒に見てもらえる？=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
アドベンチャーが終わったわ。あなたに渡す分の報酬もあるから、一度こっちに顔を出してくれない？=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
アドベンチャーが終わったわ。きちんと報酬も手に入れてきたから、忘れずに確認しなさいよね？=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
アドベンチャーが終わったわ。無事に報酬を受け取れたこと、早くペコリーヌさんたちに報告しましょう=
アドベンチャーが終わったわよ！あんまりレディを待たせないでよね？お宝だってあるんだから！=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
アドベンチャーが終わったわよ！お宝の確認が終わったら、新しいボードゲームで遊んでみない？=
アドベンチャーが終わったわよ。ちゃんとお宝も手に入ったし、気持ちよく麦しゅわを堪能できそうね♪=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
アドベンチャーが終わったわよ～。お土産もたくさんあるから、みんなで仲良く分けましょう〜♪=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
アドベンチャーが終わりました。ちょっと疲れましたけど、お宝は手に入ったので…確認をお願いします=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
アドベンチャーが終わりました。報酬には期待してかまいませんよ、私が出向いたのですから=
アドベンチャーが終わりました。彷徨える魂たちが、宝物まで導いてくれましたよ…確認をお願いします=
アドベンチャーが終わりました♪ギルドのみなさんと共に報酬を獲得しましたので、ご確認をお願いします=
アドベンチャーが終わりましたよ。宝物も拾ってきたので、ちゃんと確認してくださいね？=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
アドベンチャーが終わりましたよ～。帰り道、お宝につまずいて転んじゃいましたけど…=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
アドベンチャーが終わりましたよ先輩！報酬ちぇるっと盛っといたんでチエルに感謝してくださいね！=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
アドベンチャーが終わりましたわ！このお宝、利益率はおいくらほどになるんでしょう？あなたさまも見てくださる？=
アドベンチャーが終わりましてよ！報酬もたんまりですわ～♪これなら少々中抜きしても…いえいえ、おほほほ=
アドベンチャーが終わりまシタ！お宝も手に入ったので、ショーグンもご確認クダサイ！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
アドベンチャーで設定した繰り返し出発が終わりました。あなたと離れてたって、宝物は集められましたから！=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
アドベンチャーで設定していた、繰り返し出発が終わったぞ。満足できるだけのお宝が手に入った、お主も見に来い=
アドベンチャーで設定していた、繰り返し出発が終わったわ…。たくさんあって…あふれてしまいそう…=
アドベンチャーで設定していた、繰り返し出発が終わったわ。報酬？当然手に入ったわ…私を誰だと思っているの？=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発…ウロボロスの輪が閉じた。さぁ、報酬を確認するがいい！=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了いたしました。主さま、どうぞ報酬をお納めくださいまし=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了した。報酬が多くてね…確認を手伝ってくれないか？=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了した。報酬を確認したまえ。そしてその後は…分かるな？=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了したぞ！過酷な任務だったが、報酬も持ち帰ってきたからな！=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了したわ。さて、実験に使えそうなのものはあるかしら…？=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了しました。兄様に捧ぐ宝物をたくさん集めてまいりましたよ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が完了しましたわ。労働に見合う報酬はふんだくってきましてよ？=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったぞ！さっさと見に来い、きっと報酬にも満足できるぞ♪=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったですぅ～！オメメちゃんと一緒にお宝探しがんばったですよ♪=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！いい子でお留守番できたけんぞくに…はい、お土産♪=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！報酬も手に入ったし、私の魔法が役に立ってよかった！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。お宝も手に入ったし、ケースクローズドだ♪=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。報酬の分配をしたいから、少年も顔を出してほしいな=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。報酬も入ったんだ。私の竜の炎が役に立ってよかった…=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったわ。手に入れた報酬を確認して、利益を計算しましょう=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました！妹も歩けば宝に当たりましたよ。報酬を見てください！=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました。いろいろな場所を巡って、報酬も手に入りましたよ♪=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました。お姉ちゃん、お宝の上で寝るのはやめて…=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました。お宝も手に入って、物語みたいな冒険でした=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました。報酬も手に入りましたが…あなたも見てみますか？=
アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わりました♪報酬もありますから、忘れずに確認してくださいね=
アドベンチャーで設定しておいた繰り返し出発が完了したよ～！超能力で、楽々お宝をゲットでき…スヤァ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定しておいた繰り返し出発が完了したわ。アキノさんのおかげで、成果も上々よ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定しておいた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。ふふ、アンがあなたに早く報酬を見せたいんだって…=
アドベンチャーで設定してた、繰り返し出発が終わったわよ。報酬もたっぷり手に入ったわ♪…夢じゃないわよ？=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発…？が終わったよ！いっぱいお宝拾ったから、にいちゃんも見に来てよ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が完了したわ！このお宝、牧場のみんなに早く見せてあげたいわね～♪=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったけど、それはどうでもいいの！早く弟くんを抱きしめさせて！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったさ～！みんなで頑張ったから、ちゃんと確認してね〜？=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったぜ！なかなかの大冒険だったけど、お宝もどっさりだ！=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったぜ。賑やかで楽しかったし、お宝も手に入って万々歳だな！=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったぞ！めちゃくちゃ大変だったけど、お宝には期待してくれ！=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったッス！はやくみんなで、お宝を分けるッス♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったにゃ！お宝がっぽりで、儲けもウハウハにゃ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったの！お宝は全部売り飛ばして、プリンを買い占めるの～♪=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったのです！お宝を見に来ないと、持って帰っちまうですよ？=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったべ！いやー、遠出したかいあって、お宝も結構拾えたな♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！お宝の確認が楽しみだね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！ふふっ、いいもの見つけちゃったかも！=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！大勢の人たちと冒険して、宝物も手に入れたからね！=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。いろんなものが手に入ったから、しっかり確認してね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。お宝も手に入って、訓練にもなったし、一石二鳥だね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。ふう…一息つきながら報酬の確認でもしようか=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。ルナが見つけた宝物…大切に使ってね？=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ。豪華な報酬に囲まれるボク…美しいよね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよ～☆いろんなお宝が手に入ったから、君も見に来てね～=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわ！手に入ったお宝をさっさと確認しましょ？=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわ。【美食殿】の名前で報酬も受け取ったから確認よろしくね=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわ。バッチリお宝も手に入れたし、麦しゅわで乾杯ね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわ。予習復習も繰り返しが大事なのよ？忘れないでね♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわ～。遠足みたいに楽しめて、お土産もいっぱいね～♪=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったわよ！お宝の中に、オシャレに使えそうな物はないかしら？=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりました！お腹ペコペコですけど、報酬の確認をしましょう♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりました。すごいお宝ですよぉ～、お兄ちゃん♪=
アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりましたぞ～！戦利品の確認タイム…至福のひとときですなぁ♪=
アドベンチャーで設定しとった繰り返し出発、終わったわ～。王子はん、忘れんと報酬を見に来てや～♪=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
アドベンチャーの…くりかえししゅっぱつ？が終わったよ！ミミの拾ってきた宝物、見てほしいな♪=
アドベンチャーのくりかえし出発ってヤツー？おわったわ～。あたし休んでっから～すきに報酬もってって～=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発、終わったよ～…もうヘロヘロだから、早く報酬の確認しちゃってよね～？=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発がしゅ〜りょ〜！ほーしゅー？もなんかいっぱいあるっぽいんですけどー！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わったよ！ぷうきちと一緒にがんばったから、お宝にも期待してね♪=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わったよ！手に入ったお宝、ライブステージに飾っちゃおうかな♪=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わったわ。大変だったけど報酬も相応だったから、ちゃんと見に来なさい？=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わったわよ！面白そうなものも手に入ったし、アンタも見てくれる？=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりました。占いどおり、宝物が手に入りましたので…確認をお願いしますね=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりました～。みなさんと頑張ってきましたから、報酬を確認してくださいね？=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりましたよー★連続テレポーテーションで、たくさん集めちゃいました★=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりましたわ！投資に見合ったリターンだと思いますわ、確認してくださる？=
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発が終わりまシタ！ワタシの忍法でゲットしたお宝、ショーグンに献上しマース！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
アドベンチャーの繰り返し出発を終わらせてきました…あなた様への贈り物も、手に入りましたから…クスクス♪=
アドベンチャーを完了したッス！自分、お宝とかよく分かんないんで、一緒に見てもらえないッスか？=
アドベンチャーを終わらせてきました…お宝はさておき、これであなた様のおそばにいられますわ…クスクス♪=
アドベンチャー完了♪私の英霊もがんばってくれたんだ！報酬はあなたに渡しておくね！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
アドベンチャー完了しましたー★お宝いーっぱいゲットしたので…騎士さんだけに、見せちゃいますね★=
ウケる。ギルドハウスのEXPポーション、なんか溢れかえってンですけど=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
ウケる。ギルドハウスのスキップチケット、なんか溢れかえってンですけど=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
ウケる。ギルドハウスのスタミナ、なんか溢れかえってンですけど=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
ウケる。ギルドハウスのマナ、なんか溢れかえってンですけど=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
えへへ、スタミナぜんかいふく～♪おにいちゃん、ミミとあそぼー？=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
えへへ、トリックオアトリート～♪ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ、おにいちゃん！=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
おい、スタミナが全回復してるぞ。海辺の冒険にでも行こうぜ、あたしも付いていってやるからよ！=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
おいっす〜☆アドベンチャーが完了しましたよ！お宝も手に入ったので、見に来てくださいね♪=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
おい大変だ、ギルドハウスで受領可能なすべてのアイテムが溢れかえっている。呑気に尻を掻いている場合ではないぞ=
おにいちゃん、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！ハロウィンのおようふくでお出かけしようよ～♪=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
おにいちゃん！ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだから、たくさん使って楽しくハロウィンしよ～♪=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
おにいちゃん！ギルドハウスのアイテムがぜんぶいっぱいになったみたいだよ！えへへ、ハッピーハロウィン～♪=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
おや、ギルドハウスのマナが余っちゃってますよ～！…マナって食べられるんでしょうか？=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
おや、スタミナが全回復したね。新しい力を振るう機会がちょうど欲しかったんだ=
お兄さん、スタミナが全回復してるですよ！大怪盗をするにはもってこいです！=
お兄さん、スタミナが全回復してるですよ。これはもう冒険に行くしかないですね！=
お兄さん！スタミナが全回復してるですよ！ビッグボスのあたしがついてってやるですから、冒険へ出発です！=
お兄ちゃん、いっぱいたまってますよ。ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテム全部が♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
お兄ちゃん、スタミナが回復しましたよ！エンジェルなアカリと一緒におでかけしませんか？=
お前さん。ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだ。時々はパーッと景気よく使うんだよ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
かしこみかしこみ〜♪アドベンチャーで設定していた繰り返し出発が終わったよ！お宝を見にきてね！=
きら～ん☆　スタミナ全回復～！一緒に困ってる人を助けに行こー！=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
ギ、ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです…こ、これを飲めばあたしも陽キャになれる、かな…=
ギ、ギルドハウスのスタミナが…いっぱいです！　…い、言えたぁ！=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
ギ、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです…！これだけあれば、遠出だっていくらでもできますよ！=
ギ、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですね。沢山冒険すれば、友達と出会えますか…？=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
ギ、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ！友達作りに出かけませんか…？=
ギ、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいだし…一緒にお出かけ…する？=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
ギルドハウスがアイテムでいっぱいだよ～！ギルドハウスがパンパン～！超ウケる！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテム、すべていっぱいになりました！騎士さーん？聞いてますかー？=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテム、全部いっぱいよ…。あなたのお世話ができないと…寂しい…わ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテム、全部いっぱいよ。ったく、早く受け取りに来なさいよね…待っててあげるからさ=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、いっぱいいっぱいみたいです…まるで人と話してるときの私のよう…！=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、いっぱいになっちゃってますよー？早く来ないと…ぜーんぶ壊しちゃうかも♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、いっぱいになってやがるです！…交渉によっては山分けもアリですよ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、いっぱいになりましたね。聖夜の冒険に役立てましょう！=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、いっぱいみたい。早くしないとあたしが使っちゃうわよ？=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱい…何かの暗号かな？一つ一つ整理しながら、夏の真実へと近づくとしよう=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいさ～。受け取るの手伝うよ～？=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいだ。君が取りに来るまで見張っていよう。=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいだな。使えそうなものが沢山あるぞ？=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいだね。お姉ちゃんの愛と希望の方がいっぱいだけどね…♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいだべな。何かお笑いに使えるべか？=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいだよ！サンタさんもびっくりのすごい数だね！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいです…！シェアできる友達もほしいなぁ…♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいです。沢山の贈り物、羨ましいです…！=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいです。海の精霊と共に、あなたを待っています=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいですね！食べ物は入ってませんか！？=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいですね…私、ずっと観察してました=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいですね。ここに居れば、取りに来た先輩を観察できるはず…ジー…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいですよ！友達もこんなにたくさんできたらいいなあ…！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいではないか！これは魔法提督ラブリー★モニカの出番だな！私が指揮する、安心するがいい！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいデス！全部、天下統一に必要なものデス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったですぅ！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったな。早く取りにこないとガイドの土産で配っちまうぞ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったみたいだべ！いやー、大豊作だべな～！=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったみたいだよ！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったみたいだよ。これで推理が捗るね！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったみたいにゃ！相棒、忘れないようににゃ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったよ=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったよ！ベスちゃんも連れて、一緒に取りに行こ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったよ！少年もアタシと一緒で忙しいんだね…こっちで預かっておこうか？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったよ。アンと一緒に、取りにいってみない？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったわ。効率アップに役立てましょう！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったわ。海の効率を極めるわよ～！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになっちゃってますね。ほらほら、早く片付けないと、イタズラしちゃいますよ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになってますよ！騎士さん、夏休みを満喫するためにも取りに行った方がいいですって！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになってるよ。夏が終わっちゃう前に整理しよっか。お手伝いするね♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりました！ヤバいですね☆=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりました！備品の補充も大事な仕事ですよ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりました…ふぅ、お知らせだけで疲れた=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりました。一緒に取りに行きましょう。レンジャー、出動です！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりました。歌で伝えるべきでしょうか？=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになりましたわ！さぁさ、我が陛下に献上するのです！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいね。わ、私もプレゼント欲しいなぁ…？=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいみたい。あんパンはあるの？ドングリは？=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全ていっぱいです。兄様のお戻りを、心よりお待ちしております…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全ていっぱいになったようです。全て活用して、自然を守る力としましょう=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱい！人気者でいいわね♪　=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱい！受け取らないと、ぷうきちサンタが子供たちに配っちゃうよ♪=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱい…。きっと、お兄ちゃんへのクリスマスプレゼントですね…♪=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱい…あの、これを使って、二人だけのパーティーを開きませんか？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだぞ。ったく、整理しといてやるから、早く取りに来いよな…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだって。贈り物が沢山あっていいなー！=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだとさ。戦闘に役立つものもありそうだぜ？=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだね。仕方ないな。待ってるから早く来てね？=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだね。沢山の贈り物。アイドルみたいだね♪=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだよ！さー！派手にアゲて、冒険しちゃおうよ！=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだよ！ビーチで遊べそうな物もないか、見てみましょう？=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだよ。もしかして、私のグッズもあったりするかな…？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいだよ。早く回収してボクのさらなる美の研究を続けないと！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいです！大変じゃないですかお兄ちゃん！妹の手も借りたいって感じですよねっ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいですぅ……お兄ちゃん、人気者ですね…♪=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいですわね。あら、執事はいませんの？=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいどす。王子はんは、はんなりしてはるねぇ♪=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいになったみたい！…魔法で整理整頓とか、できないかな？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいになったよー！=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいになっているわ。…あんまりほったらかしにされていると…その…さびしいのだけど…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいになっているわ。新年を気持ちよく過ごせるように、整理しに行くのはどうかしら？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいね。受け取ったら、冒険の準備をしなさいよ！=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいのようだね。それ、全部ボクにくれるのかい？=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、全部いっぱいよ。万全な状態で、お勉強がんばりましょう♪=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが～ぜーんぶいっぱいになったよ～。ン・ン～リッチなカンジ～♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱい！このままだと、宝のお餅が腐っちゃいますよ！=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱい！使い道に悩んじゃうから、相談に乗ってくださいね♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱい…アイツも来ないし整理しといてやるか。ばか…早く取りに来なさいよね…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱい。今にも溢れちゃいそう…アカリも片づけ、お手伝いします！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいじゃないか。こいつがあれば正月がいっそう華やぐってもんさ=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいじゃないですか！早く受け取って、ハロウィンを楽しまないとですよ！=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいじゃねぇか！仕方ねぇな、あたしも手伝うから、受け取りに行こうぜ=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだ！仕入れたお菓子もそうだが、在庫管理は大事だぞ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだ。これでハロウィンパーティーの準備もはかどりそうだね。ほら、受け取りに行こう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだ。一緒に片付けて、クリスマスパーティーの準備をしよう=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだぞ！　忙しいならアタシがもらっといてやるよ！　…ちゃんと渡すにきまってるだろ！=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだぞ。すべてオマエのものだ。さっさと受け取るがいい。=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだってさ！ははっ、こりゃすげえ！未来はウハウハだな！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだとさ。もらえるものはもらっておけ。貪欲にいこうじゃあないか☆=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだね！お姉ちゃんと一緒にお片づけしよっか。上手にできたらたくさん褒めてあげちゃう♪=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだよ！海に遊びに行く前に、パーッと片付けちゃおう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだよ！色んな物があるけど、全部大切に使おうね！=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだよ。私が魔法少女の力で片付けを手伝ってあげるから、早く来てね♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだよ～また大掃除しなきゃいけなくなる前に使ってね？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいだわ。子どもたちのプレゼントになる前に取りに来なさい！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいッス！全部受け取って、最高最強のヒーローになるッスよ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいッスよ！回収して冒険の準備を整えるッス！=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいです！私が取ってきましょうか？…え？不安？=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいです。冒険をより良くするため、無駄なく活用いたしましょう=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいですね。私が受け取って…はわっ、て、手がすべっ！=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいですよ。ちょっと片付け…あ、ちょ、わ、きゃああ！？=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいですよ。受け取ったら、ランドソルの見回りに行きましょう=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいですわ。これで、海へ行く準備は万端ですわね…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいデス！ヒャクマンゴクの勢いデス！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになったぞ！熾炎戦鬼煉獄血盟暗黒団のさらなる力としようではないか！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになったよ。うーん、荷物増えて片付けられないのってあるあるだよね～=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになったよ。ほらほら、早く片付けないともったいないぞ～！=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになったよ。もったいないし、早く片付けたら？=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになったわ。もらえるものはちゃんともらっときましょ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになっています…あなた様が受け取りに来るのを待っていますわ…いつまでも…クスクス=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになってはる。冒険に行く前にきちんと整理整頓しときまひょ～=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになってるよ！全部を使って、明日の私たちの力にしようよ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになってるよ。荷物の整理手伝ってあげるから、一緒に受け取りに行こ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになってるよ～。山積みのお菓子はうれしいけど、埋もれないか心配だよ…=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになりました。私もお手伝いするので、一緒に片付けちゃいましょう！=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになりましたね。ハロウィンの冒険を始めませんか？=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいにゃ。きれいに片付けたら、たい焼きとコーヒーのご褒美にゃ♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいね。でも浮かれて配り歩いちゃだめよ？自分で活用するように！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいみたい！もらいに行って、冒険に役立てちゃうのだー♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいみたい。貯めこむとあとが大変よ？=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいみたいだね。こいつで夏を満喫しようじゃないか、お前さん！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいみたいにゃ。早く受け取らないともったいないにゃ=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいみたいにゃ。早く来ないとあたしがもらっちゃうにゃ～=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいや！みらくるまほりん…え？魔法でお片付け、したらあきまへんか？=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいよ！全部受け取って、冒険の役に立てましょう！=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいよ！早く取りに行きましょう♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいよ。あんたは忘れっぽいから、あたしが教えてあげる=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいよ。一緒にお片付けして、気持ちのいいお正月を迎えましょう♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱい…身に覚えはあるかね、助手くん。どうすればいいか、よく考えてみるといいよ=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいか。わらわに奪われたくなくば早く来るのじゃ！べ、別に寂しいわけではないぞ！=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいだ。寂しくないと言ったら嘘になるね…キミに会いたいな。=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいだな。まとめてクリスマスプレゼントにしてしまおうか。あはは、冗談だ☆=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいだよ。受け取り終わったら、海辺で少し休憩しようか=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいだよ。早めに受け取っておくこと。いいね？=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいだよ。正月ボケしてないで取りに来て…私だって待ってるんだから。=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいです！準備は万全、いざ冒険に向かいましょう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいです。海賊らしくパーっと使っちまおうぜ…ってもう。お父さん？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいです。片付けが終わるまで、海で遊ぶのはおあずけです！　早く片付けましょう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいですう！闇の力があふれちゃう前に片付けましょう～♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいなのは、お姉ちゃんになんとかしてほしいからだねっ？ふふっ、甘えん坊さん♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいに…！財宝があるかもしれん！すぐに受け取りに行こう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいになりました。福が舞い込んできたようですね=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいになりまシタ！金銀財宝ウハウハデース！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべていっぱいよ。早く受け取っちゃいましょ？ほら、私も手伝ってあげるから。=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべて上限に達しているぞ。何故こんなになるまで放っておいたんだ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがすべて満タンです！チエルに会いに来る理由ができて良かったですね先輩♪=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがぜーんぶいっぱいになったよ！にいちゃん、みんなで力を合わせて取りに行こうよ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがぜーんぶ貯まったみたいね～。忘れずに回収しましょうね～=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがみ～んないっぱいさ～！まとめて受け取って、海を満喫しちゃうさ～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全ていっぱいだわ。今年も無病息災でがんばるために、しっかり回収してきましょうね=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全ていっぱいね。これだけあればいろんなことできちゃいそう=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全ていっぱいのようです。レムが片付けてしまう前に回収しておいてくださいね=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全て貯まっています。私が使いたいので早く受け取っておきなさい=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全て貯まっていますね。正月らしく豪勢に振る舞うのも、また一興です=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだ～！ランフェスで豪遊しちゃおうよ！なんちゃって♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだぞ！お正月だからってのんびりするな！アタシは暇だ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだって～☆もっと楽しいことができそう…わくわくしてきちゃった～♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだべ。そんじゃ、あんちゃんも一緒にクリスマスプレゼントの仕分けすっか！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだわ…悪いけど診察で手が離せないの。回収してきてもらえないかしら？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいッスよ！バッチリ回収して正義のために使うッス！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいです！あふれちゃう前に、一緒に受け取りにいきましょう☆=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいです。沢山、頑張られたのですね、主さま。=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいですよ！えっへへ～♪最高のお正月にするためにどれから使いましょうか！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいなの！メリープリンクリスマスなの～♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいなのだ！キミとシオリンと私で張り切って使っちゃうぞ～☆=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいになったぜ！こんだけありゃ、もっとケンカを楽しめるな！=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいになったぞ！コイツで新しい悪さでも考えてみるか！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいになったわ。豪華なクリスマスパーティーができそうね♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいになってやがるです！さあビッグボス・イノリ様のために思う存分使うがいいですよ！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいになってるじゃない！もー、早く受け取りに行くわよ？=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいね。こういうのサボると後で大変よ？=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいみたいね。受け取り作業も、手早く効率的に済ませちゃいましょう！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいよ。あんたが忙しいのは分かるけど、早めに取りに来なさい=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいよ。また私と戦う時のために全て活用してみせなさい=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部貯まったみたいやわぁ。どない風に使うか、夢が広がりますなぁ♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが満杯だ。整理を手伝ってくれたら、コスプレ姿を披露しちゃうよ♪=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが満杯ですよ！あふれちゃう前にゲットするです！=
ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが限界まで貯まったな！貴様が受け取らないなら、私が頂くぞ？=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいだってさ！アイテムはよ！はよ受け取ってクレメンス！=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいだよ！早く回収しないと、もったいないよー！=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいだわ！お菓子もこれも、受け取り忘れないようにね！=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいです。こんなに貯めて…ちゃんと回収してくださいね？=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいです。わたくしも、受け取るのをお手伝いいたします♪=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいなの！とっとと受け取ってハロウィンするの！=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいになったの。とっとと受け取ってミヤコにプリンを献上するの！=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムがいっぱいになりました。受け取ったら、一緒に読書をしましょう=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
ギルドハウスで貰えるアイテムが全部いっぱいだわ。…ひょっとしてキミ、焦らすのが好きなの？=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
ギルドハウスにアイテムがいっぱい届いておるぞ。せっかくの正月じゃからのう、みなに景気よく振る舞ってはどうじゃ？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーション、いっぱいよ…。たくさん飲んで…大きく…=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが～・もーぱっつんぱっつん～。片づけんのめんどいしー、あとよろー=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがあふれちゃいそうですぅ～！クウカの妄想を成長させましょう～！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい！これで私の演技力も上がりますよぅ…♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい！ぷうきちが飲んだら、成長して大きくなるのかな？=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい！もっと強くなるために、二人でたくさん飲んじゃおー！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい…これを一気飲みすれば、成長して友達も…！？=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい…これを飲んで強くなれば、先輩がどこに行っても観察できるかも！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい…もっと料理が上手くなるかなぁ…？=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱい…成長すれば、人見知りとか口下手も治ったりするのかなぁ…？=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいいっぱいです！えへへ、できる妹のお知らせでした♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいさ～！これでお菓子作りの腕も上がったりしないかな～？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいさ～！踊りのキレがよくなるかも～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃ。これを飲めば、大人の姿に戻れんかのう…=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃぞ。これを飲んで強くなれば、ニンニクを克服できるかもしれぬな！=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃぞ。ふふ、これだけあれば真の姿を保つのに役立つかもしれぬ。景気よく使ってみるのじゃ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃない。あたしのこともきちんと成長させなさいよね？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃないか！どうして気づかなかったんだい？海で遊び過ぎた？ふふ、困った助手くんだね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいじゃないか。天才に経験を積ませると最強になるって、知ってた？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだ！　使わないならちょっとくらい分けてくれるよな？=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだ。お前さんが強くなれって言うなら、そうするよ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだ。この夏を走り抜けるために、私も一回り強くならなきゃね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだー！ミソギ、にいちゃんより大きくなっちゃうかも！？=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだぞ。さぁ浴びるほど飲め。オマエももっと獣らしくなるがいい！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだぞ。私ももっと、魔法提督として成長してゆかねばな…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだって！これがあればもっともにカワになっちゃうよね！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだって！これでウチの成績も伸びないかな～=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだって！たくさん使って最高のハロウィンにしちゃおうよ、ヒデサイ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだって。ボクの美がもっと進化しちゃいそう♪=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだって。もっと成長したいな。この夏、誰よりも輝きたいから！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだとさ。強さはどれだけ高めてもかまわん。惜しみなく使うがいいよ。=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだな！す、少しくらい身長が伸びないだろうか…。=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだな。あたしもみんなを守るために、もっと強くならねえとな！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだな。更に強くなったあたしを見たいって？=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだな。正義を行うには強さも必要だぞ。=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだにゃ。早速、夏の冒険に出発するにゃ～！=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね！たくさんもっともーっと飲んで強くなるぞー！=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね！飲めば立派なお姉ちゃんになれるかな…？=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。おせちと一緒に一杯やろうかね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。ボクだけじゃ持ちきれない…腕が太くなっちゃうから、早く取りにきてよ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。わたしも強くなって、自分の想いを伝えられるぐらいの勇気が欲しいな…。=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。強さへの探究はどんな時でも持っていないと。例えそれがお正月でもね。=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。私の技も思いも、まだまだ成長していくよ。=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。自分史上最高の自分になるのも夢じゃない！なーんて♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだね。魔法少女は愛と希望の力が源とはいえ、もらえるものはもらうよ？=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだべ。これ飲んで、牧場の雪かきも行商もまとめて乗り切るべよ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだべさ。これでもっとみんなを笑わせられそうだべ！=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ、少年。アタシの能力もこれで向上するのかな…？早速試してみよう！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ！これで、とびっきりのいたずらできるかも！=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ！これで私たち、もっともっとパワーアップできるかな！？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ！もっと強くなって、色んな人を助けられるようになりたいな！=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ！強くなって、父さんみたいな騎空士になるんだ！=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ！成長した弟くん、お姉ちゃん楽しみにしてるね！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。これを飲めば熱中症もばっちり防げるね。あ、騎士クンこぼれてるよ…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。たゆまぬ研鑽こそが、次の勝利への近道だよ=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。ハロウィンを守る強さを手に入れられそうだね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。ミミ、もっとすてきなおねえさんになれるかな？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。もっと剣術に磨きをかけないとね。=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。変身したわたしも、これがあればもっと成長できるんだね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。精霊を召喚するために、わたし自身も強くならないと…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ。魔法少女として悪を討つため、もっと強くならないと！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ～。これを飲めば冒険者スキル、ちょっとは上がるかな…？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ～。ハロウィンの人混みも乗り切れるくらい、成長できるかも？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ～♪お姉ちゃんもまだまだ成長途中！弟くんと一緒に、夏の海ですくすく育っちゃうよ♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ～じゃんじゃん使ってナナカちゃんをレベルアップさせてよ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ～新しい一年に向けて、強くならないとね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだわ！これ以上成長したら、アタシどうなっちゃうの～=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだわ。これで泳げるようになっちゃうかも～？=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだわ。みんなの成長が、私のなによりの幸せよ=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだわ。強くなって損はないんだし、ぱーっと使っちゃいましょ=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいでございます。主さまのために、もっと強くなりたいです=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！いっぱい飲めば、お腹も気合も満タンですよ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！ガ、ガブ飲みさせてください…！ぼっち卒業のために！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！これで、ダメダメイドを卒業しますよ！=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！たくさん食べてもりもり育っちゃいましょう☆=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！もうっ、なんで私が騎士さんのお世話をしてるんですかねっ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！縫製の技術を極めて、あんな服やこんな服を…！=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです！良薬口ににんがし…あれ？どう意味？=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。アカリ、まだまだ成長しちゃいますよ～♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。クウカはこれで成長して大人の階段を…ぐふふ…=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。これだけあれば、わたくしの舞も上手くなるでしょうか…=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。ふふん、すぐに成長してあなたに追いつきますよ！=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。主さまと歩み続けるため、どこまでも強くなりたいです=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。主さまをお守りするためにも成長しなくては…！=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。体を鍛えて、過酷な自然でのお勤めに備えましょう=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。受け取るまで、錬金術の知識を活かして保管しておきますね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。成長したら、お菓子をもらえなくなっちゃうのかな…？=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。私の体調も、少しは良くなるかな…=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。私も早く成長して、怪盗として認めてもらえるようがんばりますね…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいです。話術を鍛えれば、仲良くなれますか…？=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですぅ！さっそく使うです！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですね。お年玉と同じく、使い道はよく考えるように=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですね。これを飲めば成長できるのかな…もっと大人な水着を着たり…なんでもありません！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですね。もっと出来る妹になって、お兄ちゃんを守ってみせます♪クリスマスの誓いですよ～！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですね。わたくし、大きくなれますでしょうか？色々と…=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ！せっかくいい天気なんです、早く回収して海へ行きましょう！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ。グビグビ飲んでパワーアップしてやるです！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ。たくさん使って…アカリを大人にしてください♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ。私がいただいておきます。…ダメですか？=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ～！エンジェルなアカリの成長を見ててくださいね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですよ♪これ以上成長したら、水着が…ヤバいです！=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですわ！きっと商人としての経験も積めますわね！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですわ！このポーションで、私の料理の腕もさらに磨きが…え、料理の腕は上がらないんですの？ =
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですわ…チョコレートに混ぜて…冗談ですわ。クスクス…=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいですわ。私たちの夏のために、有意義に使いましょう…=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいデス！もっと忍術を磨いて、無敵の忍者になりマス！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいなの。イタズラされたくなければ、早く受け取るの！=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいなの～！これだけあればミヤコは無敵のサンタになれるの～！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいなんて、困ったわね～。でも大丈夫よ、先生と一緒に使い方を考えましょう？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいなんて、弟くんったら…お姉ちゃんに全部くれるのかなっ？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになった！ただでさえ無敵の海賊である私が、さらに強くなってしまうな…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったか。コイツをがぶ飲みすれば、少しは背が伸びるのか…？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったさ～。これを飲めばみんな黒帯さ～！=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったぜ！オレの拳がどれだけ速くなるか、こいつで試させてくれ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったぜ！どんどん使って強くなって、連勝記録更新といこうぜ！=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったぞ！なあシグルド、これをかき氷にかけてみるのはどうだ？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったって、先輩に伝えたいな…=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったッス！いっぱい飲んでいっぱい強くなるッス！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったッス！絶対無敵のヒーローへの近道ッスね！=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったッスね！トラ族としても王宮騎士としても強くなれるッス！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったな。なあキミ、景気づけに一本もらってもいいか？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったにゃ！この経験をおもちゃ工場の仕事に役立てるにゃ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったね。これ、味付けとか変えられたりするのかね…？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったね。もっと強くなれるかな…=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったね。レベルを上げて難解な謎に挑戦しよう！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったね～☆私を強くしてくれるよね～？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったねぇ。でも、経験積んだくらいじゃあたしのなまけ癖は直らないよ～=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったの～。プリンと一緒にミヤコによこすの～=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったべさ！牧場の牛乳とどっちが美味いべかな？=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったみたい！次の冒険に備えて、魔法の腕を磨かないと！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったみたい。コスプレ知識をたくさん磨けちゃうかも♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！これでサイカワサイツヨになっちゃお～♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！これでもっといいライブができるね！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！これで歌もダンスも一気に上達…するといいなぁ=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！これで花火みたいに、ドカーンって成長しちゃおう！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！ほら、けんぞく！取りに行くよー！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！ルナも使ってみたいなー！=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ！冒険に役立てようね！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ。少しでも、魔法が上手くなるといいな…=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ。気のせいか、蒼の力が高まってきたような…=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ。私もアンのように強くなりたい…！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったよ♪ミミたちもっとせーちょーするからね、おにいちゃん♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわ。レベルを上げて効率アップよ！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわ。使えるものはキッチリ活用していきましょ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわ。患者のためにも、最新の医療技術を身に着けて成長しなくちゃね=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわね。お年玉同様、無駄な使い方をしないようにしましょう=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわね。さあ、レベルを上げて海を制するわよ！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわね。どんな経験も成長の糧になるものよ=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわね。取りに来ないと、もらってしまうわよ。…冗談よ？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになったわよ。もっと愛と希望を教えてあげられそう♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっていたよ。これ以上は私でも持ちきれないな…=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっていますね。海の亡霊を祓うのに役立ちそうです=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっていますよ…。クウカを成長させて、もっと色々なことを…！？=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっているぞ！お菓子の在庫もこうだと嬉しいのだがな！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっております。これだけあれば、もっと強くしていただけるかも…=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになってますよ。キャンパーとして成長できるチャンスです！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになってるな。甘酒代わりに飲みまくるぞ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになってるわ！看板娘のアタシの美しさに磨きがかかっちゃうわね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになってるわ。もっと力をつけて、目指せ大天使！…なんちゃって=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっとるよ。ぎょうさん溜め込んで、一気に使うんどすか？=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになっらわよ～…えへへ、一緒に飲みましょ～？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました…これでハロウィンの悪霊を退治できますね=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。アイドルも冒険者も、上を目指して頑張りましょうね♪=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。こ、これで私もドジを卒業…！=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。これを飲んで高難度の依頼に挑戦しましょう！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。たくさん経験を積んで、私も立派なレンジャーを目指します。=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。チエルがすくすく育ちますね=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。一人前の霊媒師に近づけるでしょうか？=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました。喉の調子が崩れなくなりますように…=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりました★これ使ったらわたし、もーっと育っちゃいそう♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりましたね。これでもっと素敵な聖歌が歌えるかも…=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりましたよ！じゃんじゃん使って全力を超えましょう〜！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりましたわよ。お茶の代わりに一服しませんこと？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになりまシタ！悪霊退治に活かすデース！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいにゃ。あたしもまだまだ成長中だからこれは助かるにゃ～=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいにゃ。義賊としてもカフェ店員としても、まだまだ成長するにゃ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね！これを使えば、キャンプの設営ももっと楽になるかしら？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね！成長して、魔性の女になっちゃうわ♪=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね…これ飲んで成長したら、人見知りが直ったりしないかなぁ=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。あたしがもっと強くなっちゃうわね♪=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。これで成長してもらえると先生とってもうれしいわ～♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。まさか、飲んだら酔ったりしないわよね…。=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。使わないなら私が使い切ってしまうわよ？いいのね？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。強さを求めるのは当然ね。しっかり励みなさい=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいね。経験は大事よ。成長するために不可欠なんだから。=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいのようだ。ふん、ワタシがこれ以上強くなったら、どうなっても知らんぞ？=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいのようです。レムに使ってくれてもいいんですよ？=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいのようです。新たな力で、唱喚士として海辺の平和を守ってみせます！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいのようです。薬はよいものですわ…クスクス♪=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたい！これで、一人前の森番に近づけるかな？=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたい。あなたもドンドン成長しちゃうのね～=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたい。アイドルとしてもっと成長できるかも！=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたい。ね、早く受け取っちゃいましょ=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたい。バイトリーダーとして、私ももっと成長しなくちゃね！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいだ。これで強くなって君も聖女仮面になろう！ああ冗談さ=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいだぜ。強くなるのはいいことさ、守れるヤツが増えるからな！=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいだよ！お姉ちゃんもっと強くなっちゃうね♪=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいです。お姉ちゃんみたいに、もっと強くならなくちゃ=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいですね～。経験を積めば、ドジも直せますか！？=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいデース！新たな忍法を閃きそうデス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいみたいね。もしかしたら人間の姿になれるかしら…？=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいやねぇ。ぎょうさん飲んでうちも冒険家としてもっと成長せななぁ=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいやねぇ。これでうちもシンデレラみたいに大変身やわぁ♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ！あたし、もっと強くなっちゃうかも！=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ！強くなって、いろんなことに挑戦しましょ=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。アキノさんにも教えてあげないとね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。これで上手に踊れるようになるわね♪=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。これを糧に上を目指しましょ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。もっと強くなりたい…あんたとつないだ手を、もう離したくないから=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。成長すればステータスも上がる！楽しみね～=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいよ。闇医者ほど、経験がものをいう職業もないと思うわ=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがマックスになったよ！魔法少女に成長はつきものですな！=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが上限に達している。可及的すみやかに回収したまえ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが余っとるんやねぇ。飲んだら、魔法が成功しやすくなるやろか？=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが沢山です！ささっ、ぐいっといっちゃってください！=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが満タンだよ！これで私の超能…ま、魔法がまた強くなるね！=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが満タンです！せっかくだし、パーっと飲むですよ！=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが満タンですね…いらないならあたしがもらっちゃうですよ？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが満タンになったよ！これがあれば私、もっとキミを上手に応援できるようになるかも…？=
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが補充されたな！更なる力を得て、最強へと近づこうではないか！=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが貯まってるよ。あたしは成長してもぐうたらし続けるからね=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
ギルドハウスのアイテム、いっぱいになってる！一緒に運んであげるね♪困ったときはお互いさまさま♪=
ギルドハウスのアイテム、ぜんぶもらえるよ！海にいくまえに、ちゃ～んとおかたづけしなくちゃね！=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱい！これ全部弟くんのもの！もちろんお姉ちゃんも弟くんのだよ！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱい。お正月で忙しいよね。あの…ここにはおせちもあるし、ゆっくり過ごせると思うよ…？=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいさ～！早く受け取りに来てね～お菓子を用意して待ってるさ～♪=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいじゃな。全てわらわへの献上品にしてもよいのじゃぞ？=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいだってさ。ここにあるものは全て、必ず、キミが誰かを助けるための力になってくれるよ=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいだよ！早く受け取らないと、ミソギがもらっちゃうよ～♪=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいです…これらを使って、クウカにどんな辱めを…じゅるり…=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいですって。ラムに片付けろと言うのかしら？まぁ、面倒だけどやってあげるわ=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになったよ！何も仕掛けてないから取りに来て！にひひ♪=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになっちゃってます！わ、私が見張っておきますから…早めに取りに来てください～=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになっています…！まとめてクウカも受け取ってしまうのですね…じゅるり…！=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになってしまったね…ゆっくりバカンスを楽しむためにもまずは受け取りに行こうか=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになってるみたい。荷物の受け取り、わたしも一緒にお手伝いするね=
ギルドハウスのアイテムがぜんぶいっぱい！あたしが整理して…あれ？なんか崩れて…き、騎士くん！早く取りに来て！=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
ギルドハウスのアイテムがぜんぶもらえるよ～。すごーい、ミミもほしいな～=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
ギルドハウスのアイテムがぜんぶ貯まってるって！アタシが教えないと忘れてたでしょ？ドジね～=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
ギルドハウスのアイテムが全部いっぱい…あなた様のものは私のもの、あなた様も私のものですわ♪=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
ギルドハウスのアイテムが全部いっぱいじゃない！もったいないからアキノさんも呼んで早く回収するわよ！=
ギルドハウスのアイテムが全部いっぱいです～！この中に、お兄ちゃんから私へのクリスマスプレゼントが…！！え？違う？=
ギルドハウスのアイテムが全部いっぱいになってる…騎士くんがいないとやっぱり寂しいな…早く戻ってこないかなー…=
ギルドハウスのいーえっくすぴーポーションがいっぱいだよ！ミミ、おねえちゃんになれるかな？=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケット、いっぱいみたい。サマーライブを楽しむためにも、どんどん使っていこうよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケット、溢れてしまって…。ぅぅ…どうすれば、いいのかしら…？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットいっぱいだよ～。めっちゃベンリだよねーコレ～。アタシも使っちゃおー=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい！お仕事がとっても楽になるみたいね！=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい！これがあれば、困っている人たちを早く助けられそう！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい！ねえねえ、外で凧あげしようよ！どっちが高く上げられるか競争だよ！=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい！バカンス目いっぱい楽しんじゃお！やりたいこと、たくさんあるんだ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい…バトルをスキップして、二人でゆっくりしましょう=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい…バトルを早く終わらせて、クウカになにを…？=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい。外に行くなら、初日の出が綺麗に見える場所がいいな…。=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい♪空いた時間で、もっともっと舞台の練習をしなくっちゃ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいか…これは事件の気配がするね。魔法探偵としては、放っておけないよ=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいか。修業を早く終わらせて、お正月の町をゆっくり歩くのもいいね。=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいか。訓練も楽になるかもしれないね。=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいさ～！これがあればたくさんサーターアンダギーを作れるさ～♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいさ～。空手にも冒険にも素早い動きは大事さ～！=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいじゃな。脆弱な敵など、さっさと始末してしまおうぞ！=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいじゃないか。ほら、思い切って、ホップステップジャンプだ☆=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいじゃないですか！仕方ないですね、私が一緒に使ってあげますから、感謝してくださいね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいじゃないですか。急ぎ過ぎて、転んだりしちゃダメですよ？=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ！ふっ、時は満ちたようだな…一気呵成に財宝をいただくとしよう！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ！効率的に冒険を行えば、より強くなれるぞ！=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ…思い切ってさくっと使ってみよう！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ。キミも準備を。私が変身して、敵を一気に蹴散らす！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ。これがあれば探索も、早く、そして優雅に終わらせられるな♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ。任務遂行には有用だと思うが。=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ。戦いはさっさと済ませて、泳ぎにでも行こうぜ=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ。敵を楽に倒せるのは、私たちが強くなった証拠だね=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだぞ！　面倒くさいことはちゃっちゃと終わらせて、クレープでも食いに行くぞ！=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだって！チケットの悪用は厳禁！ちゃんと本人が使うんだゾ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだって！パパッとやっつけちゃうよー！=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだって！ハロウィンの人気スポット、全部回れるかも？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだってさ。なあ、こいつを使って色んなとこに行くってのはどうだ？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだってさ。仕事もこれでスキップしたいねぇ=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだってさ。楽できる時は楽しなくちゃね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだとさ。探索も楽に済ませちまおうぜ。=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだな。せっかくのクリスマスだ、溜め込んでないで派手に使ってしまえ。思い切りを見せてみろ！=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね！これを使って街中でクリスマスライブを開こうよ！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね！バレンタインだって冒険しちゃう？もちろんお姉ちゃんもついていくよっ♪=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね！よーし、伝説の魔導書を探しに行くなり～=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね。これを使えば、精霊ともっと深くつながれそうな気がする=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね。ためらわないでどんどん楽しちゃおう！時間は有限だからね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね。どうだい少年、涼みがてら回収に行こうじゃないか=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね。戦いを手早く済ませて、ハロウィンのパレードを楽しもう=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね。混んじまう前にさっさと初詣に行っとくかい？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね～！戦いを素早く終わらせて、海に飛び込むさ～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね～年末の大掃除とか、スキップしちゃう？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだね♪じゃんじゃん使っちゃおう～☆=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだべ！漫才の練習も効率的になるべか？=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ！これで魔物がウヨウヨの危険地帯も、サッと通過できちゃうね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ！テンポをあげればスケジュールも「巻き」でいけちゃうね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ！はやく使おうよー！=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ！便利だから使うしかなくない？=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ！空が飛べたら旅もこれくらい簡単になるのかな？=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。いろんなところにお出かけできそうだね！=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。うまく活用してスマートに事件を解決、そして海辺のバカンスといこう♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。これがあれば、あんまり戦わなくていいのかな？=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。これだけあれば、いち早くアンチビーストを倒しにいけるね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。バトルをスキップして、ボクをじっくり見なよ♪=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ。楽出来ていいね。昼寝してても怒られなさそうだ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ～。仕事はスキップして、お菓子巡りにでも繰り出さない？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ～これで弟くんは危ない戦闘をしなくて済むね！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよぉ！おっきな広場にお出かけして、雪だるまとか作りたいなー♪=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだわ！これで夏の海も100点満点ね！=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだわ！さ、アタシをデートに連れて行きなさい？=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいッス！これを使って任務をすばやくこなすッス！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいッスね！ヒーローは遅れてくる…と油断した悪の隙を突くッス！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいでございます。冒険のお供にいかがでしょうか？=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！これだけあれば、お宝がザクザク手に入るですよ～♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！ご飯はスキップしちゃダメですよ？=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！バイト仲間もテンポ良く作れたらいいんですが…=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！夏は短いんですから、使っておかないと損しますよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！急がば周れ…バトルを周回しましょう！=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！楽しくて賑やかな冒険ができますよ！やばいですね☆=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！私も、海で遊びたいなぁ=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです！空いた時間で書類仕事を手伝ってもらってもいいですか？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです…！戦いを急いで終わらせて、じっくりとクウカの着物を…！？=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです…。友達作りに一歩近づけたかもしれません！=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。アカリといっしょにイキましょう～バトルに♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。お仕事もテキパキできたり…しませんよね？=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。これで目的地までの航路を安全に進めますね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。ささっ、アカリサンタとデートしましょ、お兄ちゃん♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。サマーライブのレッスン時間の確保ができそうですね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。一枚一枚丁寧に作成したので、有効活用してください♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。宿題も終わったので、一緒にお出かけしましょう=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです★スキップでさくっと終わらせるのって快感…っ♪ですよねー★=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですぅ…。このチケットで、クリスマスの舞台が観れたらいいなぁ…♪=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですぅ…クウカを手早く攻略してしまおうというのですか！？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですぅ…とっても便利って聞いたよぉ…？=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですね！よーし、海の幸を捕りに行きましょう！=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですね…一緒に取りに行くですよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですね～。ご飯もチケットも余らせるともったいない！=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですよ！おせち料理の早食い競争ができちゃいそうですね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですよ！どんどん使っていきましょう！…え？ダメ？=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですよ！強引矢のごとし！ぱぱっと片づけちゃいましょ～！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですよ…！友達作りには…使えませんよね。そうですよね…=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですよ…と、あなたの後ろにいる女の子が言っています=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですわ！サレンさんと山分けですわね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですわね…チョコレートの材料集めに役立ちそうですわ=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですわね。これがあれば、クリスマスマーケットの出店の全てを見て回れそうですわね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいですわね。これがあれば方向音痴も関係ないですわ！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいデース！まさに忍法、ムササビの術デス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいデス！踊れや騒げや、ハロウィンパレードに出かけまショウ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいデスよ！ショーグンと天下統一を目指してシュラシュシュシュデース！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいなの！じゃんじゃん使ってクリスマスプレゼントを配りまくるの！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったぞ！ふふ、我らの歴史に新たな１ページを刻むとしよう！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったぞ！世界で一番の大悪党になる近道だな！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったそうですね。あのク…眼鏡の協会派遣員が待っておりますわ=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったって！トリックオアチケット～！=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったって～。んじゃ、あんパン買ってきてよ=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったってさ。せっかくのケンカ、楽して進んじゃうのか？=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったです！楽しくせいしゅんするですぅ！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったな。面倒ごとはさくっと片付けるとするか。楽しいことが未来で待ってるからさ=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったにゃ！　これで珍しいアイテムをゲットするにゃ～=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったにゃ！これでおもちゃ作りも爆速でできるかにゃ？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったにゃ！これで仕事を終わらせて、一緒に猫とたわむれるにゃ～♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったね。推理の効率化に役立てよう！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったね。普段行かない場所に行ってみるのはどうだい？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったね。見に来たほうがいいかも…=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったの！プリン探しの旅に出かけるの！=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったべ！よーし、今日のお仕事を一気に片付けちまうべさ！=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったみたい！よーし、にいちゃんと探険に出発だ～！=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったみたい！時を操る魔法って、あったりするのかな？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったみたい。たっくさん海であそべるね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったみたいッス！これで冒険が捗るッスね！=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったみたいよ。夏の海に繰り出しましょう！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！グレアにも知らせてあげなくちゃ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！こっちこっち、早く～！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！これがあれば、けんぞくもラクラク～になるね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！これで海をたくさん探検できちゃうね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！こんなにあると、お出かけし放題だね～！どこ行こっか？=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ！チケット使わないとかもったいないし、早く出かけよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。せっかくだし、どこかに出かけるのもいいかもね=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。ドキドキで楽しい授業にしちゃうね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。レッスンも効率的になるかな？=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。効率的に見回りして、魔物を一斉検挙だ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。戦闘が簡単に済むなら、騎士クンもそのほうがいいよね？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったよ。聖夜の祝福で、厄介事は素早く片付けられそうだ=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ！これ、物産展の出張に役立てられたりするのかしら…？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ！これで効率的に攻略できるわね！=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ。これで効率的にお仕事を進められるわね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ。効率的に使いましょうね！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ。取りに行くついでに、みんなへ新年のあいさつをしましょうか=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ。当然、素敵な所に案内してくれるのよね？=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわ。眼鏡の人、あなたを待っているみたいよ…もちろん私も、ね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわね。これで効率的に、おせちの準備を進めるわよ～=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったわよ。使わなきゃもったいないわ！=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになったんだって。これでゆっくり焼きそばが食べられるね。え、もうおかわり？ふふふ♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになっちゃったわね。先生と一緒に海までお出かけしましょうか=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになっちゃってますね～。ゴーイング矢のごとしって言いますし、ケーキよく使っちゃいましょう！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになっているな。遠慮なく使うといい。魔法少女は人々の助けを求める声に素早く応えねばならないからな=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになっているようです。はうぅ…！もう持ちきれません…！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってます～。これだけあれば、どこへだって楽に潜入できちゃいますね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってますよ。キャンプ場まで楽しく向かえますね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってますわぁ。これ使うて世界の果てまでひとっ飛びや～♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってやがるです！早く回収してじゃんじゃん使うですよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるな。コイツでカルタってできるかな？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるね。ボクの美しさのために役立てちゃおうよ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるね。遠慮せず使っちゃおうよ！そしてお姉ちゃんと夏をエンジョイしようねっ♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるよ！ランドソルの外、連れて行ってほしいな=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるよ！闇のお姉ちゃんが使い方を教えてあげよっか…♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってるわ。寒くなる前に回収しちゃいましょっか！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになっとるねぇ。急ぐんは苦手やけど、王子はんと一緒なら平気どす…♪=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました…こちらを使って空いた時間で、ゆっくりと海を満喫しましょう…=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました…ハロウィンの冒険に役立ててくださいね=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。これで効率よくレンジャーの仕事ができそうですね。=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。チエルのためにばりばり飛ばせますね=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。わたくしたちの冒険を便利に進められそうですね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。一緒におでかけしに行きましょう！=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。人々を守るために、力を貸してください=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。幸運に満ちた冒険になるような気がいたします=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。気分転換も兼ねて、冒険に行ってみませんか？=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりました。身体に無理なく戦えそうです=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりましたね。聖夜の贈り物、大切に使いましょう！=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりましたよ。これで魔物退治もはかどりますね=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりましたよ。主さまの冒険に役立てられそうですね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりましたよ。夏休みの宿題には使えませんよ？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになりましたよ。私たち秘密基地へ行くんですけど…あなたも一緒にどうですか？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいにゃ。これでアイテムをがっぽりゲットするにゃ～=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいね！これで一気に時間が節約できるわね！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいね！すごーく便利そうだし受け取っちゃおう！=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいね。きっちり仕事を片付けて、心置きなくキャンプを満喫しましょ♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいね。便利なんだから早く受け取っておきなさいよ？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようじゃな。お主が使わぬなら、わらわが新春の世界征服に活用してしまうぞ？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようだ！カフェも冒険も効率的に進めるのが大事だぞ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようだな。楽しい戦いをスキップするなんてワタシには理解できんがね…。=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようです。上手に活用して、迅速に森を見て回りましょう=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようです。主さまと二人で、少し遠くに行きたいです=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいのようです。受け取っておきましょう=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたい！でも補習授業はスキップできないわよ♪=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたい！勉強のスキップチケットはないのかな？=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたい。ね、さっそく使いましょ！季節は待ってくれないものっ=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたい。受け取らなきゃもったいないわよ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたいだ。これで海辺を散策するのも楽になるかな=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたいですよ。お姉ちゃんと３人でピクニックに行きませんか？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたいね。じゃんじゃんスキップして先に進みましょ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたいね。もったいぶらずに使って、効率的な治療に役立てましょう♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみたいね。出かけるなら取っておきなさいよ。=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいみてぇだな。さっさと仕事終わらして、クリスマスパーティーするべさ！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ、もったいない。早く取りに来なさい？=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ！とっととあたしを海に連れて行きなさい！=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ！レッスンがはかどるわね♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ。これがあれば、困っている人のところにぱぱっと行けるかも！=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ。二度手間は避けたいし、活用していきましょう=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ。二日酔いの時間が短くなったりしないかしら…？=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ。戦いを手早く終わらせるのはいいことね=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいよ。時間をかけて物事を繰り返すのは貴方も望まないでしょう？=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいらしいわぁ。楽になるんはええことやねぇ。=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットが上限に達している。可及的すみやかに回収したまえ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットが貯まったみたいやなぁ。体も軽ぅなって、踊りやすくなります♪=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットが貯まりました。これで正月の人混みを回避できますね=
ギルドハウスのスキップチケットが貯まりました。さっさと受け取りなさい。楽をしたくはないのですか？=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
ギルドハウスのスタミナ、いっぱいだよ～？一緒にランドソルのハロウィンを楽しみ尽くすさ～！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナいっぱいになったよ～。めっちゃ動けんじゃね～？オールで遊んどく～？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナが、いっぱいよ…。あのっ、お出かけするなら…一緒に…はうぅ…=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱい…！これだけあれば無限コンティニューも夢じゃない、かも？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱい…クスクス。外出するのでしたら、ついていきますわ…どこまでも=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいじゃない！さ、バカンスに行きましょう！=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいじゃないか。暇なのはいいけど、時々は体を動かさないとね=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいじゃないですか！やっぱりお兄ちゃんには私がついてないとですね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ！さっそく特訓といこうぜ！おまえにも、騎士みたいな華麗な剣術ってやつを仕込んでやるよ=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ！ねぇねぇ騎士くん、早く受け取って海に行こうよー♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ！店の仕事を手伝ってもらったからな。今度は私が協力しよう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ！早く受け取って、今を全力で楽しんでやろうぜ！たぎってくるよな！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ。これで栄養補給すれば、クリスマスも休まず鍛錬に打ち込めそうだよ=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ。体力は運動してこそ上昇するものだよ。暇ならクレープ作り手伝ってよ～！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ。思い切って遠出するのもいいかもな…楽しいガイドになりそうだ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだ～☆これだけあれば、もっと一緒に戦えるね…♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだから、お姉ちゃんが来たよ！夏を楽しむ計画はお姉ちゃんに任せてねっ♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだし、一緒に踊って、歌うさ～！=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだし、探索に行くわよ。ほら、あたしについて来なさい！=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだぞ！さあ、共に鍛錬を始めるのだ！=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだって！早く受け取りに行こっ！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだって！森番の訓練に付き合ってよ！=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだって。お兄ちゃん、一緒に探検に行こっ！=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだってさ。少年、お姉さんにもその元気、分けてくれる？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだと？いいだろう、私が協力してやろう。魔法少女は困った人間を見捨てない！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだとさ。たまには自分を野放しにしてみろ坊や。遠慮は無用さ☆=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだな！　これだけあれば好き放題できそうだ！　…そうでもないか？=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだな！いつの間にこんな貯えを…さすが我が盟友、頼りになるな！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだな。いいぜ、どこにでも付き合ってやるよ！=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだな。体力が有り余っているなら訓練に励むのはどうだ？=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね！いっぱいがんばるチャンス到来！ファイトファイト～☆=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね？えへへっ、魔法少女なお姉ちゃんと一緒に遊んじゃう？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。お出かけの誘いなら、いつでも待ってるよ♪=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。この時期にしかできない、雪上での戦闘訓練をしてみようか。=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。これで思いっきり魔法少女の特訓ができそうだよ=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。じゃあ、お仕事に行こうか。あなたも来るよね？=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。よかったら今日は一緒に、どこか遠くへ行ってみない？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。体力を持て余しているなら、修行に付き合って欲しいな=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。元気が有り余っているなら一緒に浜辺で身体を鍛えるかい？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだね。少し遠出して初日の出を拝みに行こうか=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだべよ！牧場も仲間も全部まとめて守ってやるべ！=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！…ってことは、大蛇が出ても大玉に追いかけられても、へっちゃらだね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！えへへ…まだまだ一緒に特訓できそうだね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！お家の中でできる事…あ、みんなを呼んで、カルタで遊ぼうよー♪=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！これならオールナイトライブもできちゃいそう！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！ねーねー、まだお出かけしないの？=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！よぉし、頑張るぞ～！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！今日はヴァンピィちゃんとたーっくさん遊べるね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！今日はパーリーパリーだね☆=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。あたしの代わりに働いて来ておくれ～=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。お正月用のお餅を準備しないと…騎士クンも来てくれるとうれしいな。=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。サマーライブ、最後まで全力で楽しんでいってね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。ビーチトレーニングをするにはうってつけだね。キミも付き合ってくれる？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。ボクのかわいさを広めるために出かけよう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。まあ、あたしの気力はゼロなんだけどね=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。泳ぎの練習に付き合ってくれない？=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ。騎士クンとの夏をめいっぱい楽しみたいな。騎士クンは、わたしと何がしたい…？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ～！まだまだ元気いっぱい遊べるさ～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ～。これなら、イタズラしまくっても疲れないね～♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ～お正月だからって休みすぎちゃった☆=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよぉ！さっそく、クリスマスパーティーをはじめちゃおー♪=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいでございます。一緒に泳ぎの練習をいたしましょう=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいでございます。余力があれば、不測の事態にも対応できるかと=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです！これ以上はあふれちゃうですよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです！羽根つき、凧あげ、福笑いにかるた…お正月を遊び尽くしましょう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです！腹ごなしの運動をしましょうか！=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです…私、お姉ちゃんに伝えてきますね。みんなで一緒に取りに行きましょう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいです。ふふ、主さまは元気いっぱいでございますね。=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですぅ！これでたくさん遊べるですね！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですぅ！一気に使ってクウカを休ませないつもりですね！？=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですぅ…。あの…よかったらお芝居の練習を手伝ってくれませんか…？=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですぅ…。お、お兄ちゃん、冒険に行きますか…？=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですと！？これは、魔法少女として動き出す時！？=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですね。体力をつければ、私もみんなの役に立てるでしょうか？=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ！おいしいご飯を食べる準備はできました！さあ出かけましょう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ！モタモタしてないで、さっさと回収するです！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ！海まで競争しましょう！=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ？私には関係ないですけど…あぁもう分かりましたよ、手伝えばいいんでしょうっ？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよー。誰も知らない場所まで、お出かけしちゃいますか？…くすっ★=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよぅ♪今日も元気いっぱいに、物産展を始めましょう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですわ。これがあれば、もっとクリスマスを楽しめますわね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですわ。魔物討伐の際には、騎士として雇わせて貰えます？=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいデース！きっと兵糧丸と同じ効果があるのデス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいデス！オタノシミはこれからデース！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいどすなぁ。うちと一緒に、海でたくさん遊びませんか…？=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいなの！早くハロウィンパーティーに行くの！=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいなの。プリンはいっぱいじゃないの？さっさとミヤコにプリンをよこすの～=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいなの～。全部プリンのために使うの～=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいに！早く回収しないとサレンさんにもったいないと叱られますわ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいに～♪ぐふふ…クウカと一緒に全部解き放ちましょう～！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになった！これで一日中悪さできるな！はーっはっはっは！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったぜ！たぎるケンカがどんだけできるかな？思いっきり楽しもうぜ！=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったぞ！くっ、力の昂りを抑えられぬ…早く解き放たなければ…！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったって！ハロウィンの屋台、もう一巡りいっちゃおー！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったってさ！にいちゃんもミソギたちと一緒に遊びに行こうよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったッス！回収したらホワイトタイガー出動ッスよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったッスよ！さあ、世界の平和を守りに出発ッス！=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったな。やることないならアタシと初詣に行くぞ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったね。なぁお前さん、休むのはそろそろ終わりにして、散歩にでも行こうか？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったね。助手くん、これで長時間の調査も問題ないよ！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったべな。牧場の仕事、がんばるべ！=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったみたい！魔法使いだって、体力は大事だよね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったみたい。体力は大切にしてね。焦らずに進んでいこう？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったみたいッス！元気になれば勇気も湧くッスよ！チャージするッス！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったみたいね。太るのはイヤだけど…お参りに行く前に体力つけておかないと=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったみたいね。早めに受け取って、お得に使いましょう！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！お菓子余ってるならミソギにちょうだい！=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！これならグレアと一緒にたくさん遊べるね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！パワ―全開でミソギといっぱい遊ぼうよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！よーし、レッスン何時間続けられるか挑戦してみるぞー！=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！今ならどんな依頼でもこなせそうな気がする！=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！夏はイベント盛りだくさんだからあちこち行かなきゃだね☆=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ！早くおいでよ、にいちゃん！=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ。…騎士クン。良かったら、一緒にお出かけしない？=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ。あなたと出かけたくて仮装したから、早く戻ってきてほしいな♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ。さぁ、休憩は終わり。気合を入れていくよ=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ。そろそろ出かけない…？=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったよ。騎士クン、精霊と魔法の練習をするんだけど…ついてきてくれる？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわ！何日だってキャンプできそうね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわ！急いで攻略しないともったいないわよ！=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわ。ちょっと飲みに…じゃなくて冒険に向かいましょ？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわ。夏バテ知らずで冒険ができそうね！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわね。じゃあもう一仕事、お願いしちゃってもいいかしら？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわね。たくさん食べて、栄養を補給しましょ=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになったわよ。羽根つきでもして遊びましょ=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになって、愛と希望の力もみなぎったわ！街の風紀を守りましょう♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっています！どうしよう、自己紹介の練習でもしましょうか！？=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっています。コンディションはばっちり…最高の夏の歌が歌えそうです=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっている、か…これが海を舞台にした大事件の始まりだった…なんて、ね=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっているよ。魔法の力で解決、といきたいけれど、一緒に手伝ってくれるかい？=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっているようです。もったいないですから受け取っておきましょう=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっているわ。さぁ、ラムの代わりに頑張りなさい=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになっておる。この正月を遊びつくすには十分な量じゃな。お主のエスコート、期待しておるぞ♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってしまったぞ。ほら、ワタシと共に愉快なところへ行こうじゃないか♪=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってます！サマーライブで忙しいんですから、ちゃっちゃと取りに行きますよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってます。アカリがお兄ちゃんに、元気をプレゼントしちゃいますね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってますよ？あなたも仮装して、お菓子をもらいに行きますか？=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるさかい、そろそろ次の冒険の行き先でも決めまひょか♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるですね。あり余る元気で下剋上するですよ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるみたい。これだけあれば牧場のお手伝いに行けるわね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるよ！あま～い一日、お姉ちゃんと一緒にたくさんお出かけしよっ♪=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるわ。これとお雑煮で、元気いっぱいのお正月にしましょう～！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってるわ。医療の現場は体力勝負よ、忘れずに手に入れて有効活用しましょう=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってんな。これでクリスマス用のお笑いネタもばっちり練習できるべ♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました！これで服作りもライブ運営も余裕でこなせます！=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました！よーし、張り切ってお掃除しちゃいますよ～！=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました！水着でも、頑張ってご奉仕しますよ！=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。お受け取りになってより良い冒険をいたしましょう、主さま=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。これで鉄棒のテストはバッチリですね=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。チエルのためにもりもり働けますね=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。取りに行くならニャットちゃんと一緒に手伝いますよ。=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。新規の依頼をお願いさせてください♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。歌の練習に付き合ってもらえませんか？=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。私、絶好調ですっ。まだまだ頑張れますよっ！=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。私の元気もいっぱいですので、冒険に同行させてください=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりました。補給を終えたら航海の続きですね…針路を占います=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたね。サンタさんからのプレゼントでしょうか？=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたね。では、ハロウィンパーティーを始めましょう=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたね。もう、そんなにはしゃがないでください、子どもじゃないんですから！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたよ。これなら夜通し怪盗をやっててもへっちゃらです…！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたよ。ふふっ…これだけあれば旅の備えとしては万全ですね。=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたよ。主さまと散策できるのを心待ちにしております♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたよ。受け取って、わたくしと正月遊びを楽しみましょう=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたわ。これでまた一緒に海に行けますわね…=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりましたわ。これで残業もこなせますわね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになりまシタ！ヒャッキヤコウを始めまショウ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいにゃ！スタミナがあれば、もっとたくさんのおもちゃが作れるにゃ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいにゃ！猫従業員たちも張り切ってるから早く帰ってくるにゃ～=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいね…もし時間があるなら、困っている人がいないか一緒にパトロールしない？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいね。お菓子を貰いに行きましょ。あんたが食べたそうにしてるし=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいね。ちょうど体を動かしたい気分なの。少し散歩につき合ってくれない？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいね。なら街へ出ましょう。クリスマスイベント、一緒に回ってちょうだい♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいね。元気が有り余ってるならどこかに行きましょ♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいのようじゃな。これならば、すぐにでも聖夜の宴を始められるのう♪=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいのようです。除霊の依頼が来ているので、手伝っていただけませんか？=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたい！今なら難しい課題もクリアできるかも…？チャレンジしてみよう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたい！砂のお城を作ったり、砂浜をさんぽしたりしよ♪えへへ、たのしみだね！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたい。これで一緒にたくさん踊りのレッスンができるわね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたい。さーて、先生をどこに連れて行ってくれるのかな～？=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいだ。これでハロウィンを満喫できそうだね。さあ出かけよう！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいです。これでアンチビーストを倒しにいけますね=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいです。私もあなたのことお待ちしてますよ。=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいね。それじゃあ授業を始めましょう♪=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいよ。みんなと砂遊びでもする？=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいみたいよ～。えへへ、いっぱいお喋りしましょ♪=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいやわぁ。王子はんさえよければ、一緒に見回りにいかへん？=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ！無駄になっちゃう前に受け取っておこ？=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ。あんたのことだし人助けでもするつもりでしょ。特別に付き合ってあげるわ！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ。これで今日はまだまだ動けるわね…それじゃあ、かかってきなさい！=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ。ふふ…今年も君と、大いに実験に励めそうね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ。ふふっ。元気なのはいいことだわ。あらあら、先生と遊びたいの？もちろん、いいわよ=
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ。気のせいかしら、最近体力が落ちて…今のは忘れなさい♪=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいらしいぜ。体力があり余ってんなら、戦いに行こうぜ！=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいらしいな。これがあれば、肉を断ち切る感触を味わえるのか？=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
ギルドハウスのスタミナが上限に達している。可及的すみやかに回収したまえ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
ギルドハウスのスタミナが全回復したのに、まだ取りに来ないなんて…焦らしているのですね？=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたい。アカリ、もう待ちきれないです♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたいだね。これで美しいボクを万全の状態で見られるね♪=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたいです！備えあったらうれしいな！ですね=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたいですわ。体力に満ちあふれたあなた様を…クスクス♪=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたいにゃ。キミもあたしのたい焼きを食べてスタミナをつけるのにゃ！=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したみたいにゃ。どんどんバトルして報酬を手に入れるのにゃ～=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したよ～！お姉ちゃんといっしょに、冒険にしゅっぱーつ！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
ギルドハウスのスタミナが回復したようじゃな。補給線を確保できたし、存分に戦をしようぞ！=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
ギルドハウスのスタミナが満タンだぜっ！これだけあれば、我が軍はあと10年は戦える…やっぱ無理？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナが満タンです！これでクリスマスの間はずっとお兄ちゃんと過ごせそうですね♪=
ギルドハウスのスタミナが貯まったようやなぁ。王子はん、もう一曲ダンスでもいかがどすか？=
ギルドハウスのスタミナが貯まりました。ずいぶんと余裕があるのですね。でしたら少し手伝いなさい=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
ギルドハウスのスタミナが貯まりました。私と正月を過ごせること…もっと感謝してもいいんですよ=
ギルドハウスのチケットがいっぱいみたい。これを使って、先輩と一緒に不思議の国を見て回りたいなぁ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナ、いっぱいですね。よければ、なんですが…アイスでも食べにいきませんか？=
ギルドハウスのマナが、いっぱいになったわ…。預かっておくから…待ってるわね…=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！アカリサンタのおねだり…聞いてくれますか？お兄ちゃん♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！お兄ちゃん、マナはとっても大事らしいよ！=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！これだけあればアイドルの研究もはかどりそう…！さ、散財じゃないよっ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！これだけマナがあったらパックもよろこぶかな？=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！ねえねえなんに使うの？あたしとしては、出店のイカ焼きがお奨めかな♪=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい…。クリスマスですし、無駄遣いしても、ちょっとだけなら黙っていてあげますぅ♪=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい…アイツ、新作ゲームでも買うのかしら？その時はやらせてもらおっと♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい…ところでお兄ちゃん、ケーキとか食べたくありません？いえいえ、催促なんてしてませんよ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい…はっ！も、もしやクウカをお買い求めになるのですか！？=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいさ～。空手技に磨きをかけることもできるさ～！=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃな。これだけあれば、わらわの城でも盛大な聖夜の宴が開けそうじゃ♪=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃな。戦には軍費も必要…よい心がけじゃぞ♪=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃない！…なによ？はしゃいでなんてないわよ！=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃないか。なんならワタシが運用法を考えてやろうか？=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃないか助手くん。仕方がないね、私が使い道について知恵を貸してあげるとしよう=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃないですか！これだけあれば…すぐにあたしの天下ですよ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいじゃん！ヒデサイ、ハロウィンでみんなに配るお菓子買ってこ～♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ！　これで少しは身長が伸びればいいんだけどなー…試してみるか！=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ！使い道で困っているのなら、カフェの資源としてもらってやるぞ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ！使い道は少年に任せるよ。アタシは自主性を重んじる主義だからね=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ。これだけあるなら、お正月の初売りに行くとか…その…私は今日、空いているのだけど？=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ。受け取っておけ。何をするにも必要になるぞ？=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ。君を待っている間、銅像と勘違いされてしまったよ…。=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ。自己研鑚に使ってもいいかもしれないね。=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ～！キミキミ、私にもわけて～=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだ～！ハッ！これだけあれば薄い本買い放題なのではっ！？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだぞ？我ら海賊団はどんな財宝も逃がしはしない…もらえるものはもらっておこう！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだぞ坊や。さぁ、本能のおもむくまま盛大に使ってしまえ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだって！よかった～、これで野宿じゃなくて、ちゃんとしたお宿に泊まれるね♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだって。ボクへのプレゼントに使ってもいいよ♪=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだってさ。ゲームと高級あんパンを買っとくれ=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだってさ。せっかくだしお高めなおせちでも買うとしようか=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだってよ。なんに使うか知らねぇけど、あとで困らないようにしろよな=Your stamina's all full, so let's head out on a beachside adventure! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! The quicker we waste these enemies, the quicker we can get to swimming! You've got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If there's somewhere you wanna go, I'll be right there with ya! The guildhouse is full of EXP potions. No downsides to getting stronger, and it's always good to have reliable buds! Check out all the Mana at the guildhouse. Dunno what you use that for, but don't blow it all on something useless. Whoa! There's tons of items at the guildhouse! Fine, fine. I'll help out, so let's go collect them all.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだど？　マナを受け取らないのはマナー違反だべ！=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだな。オマエがくれると言うのなら、まぁ好きに使わせてもらおうか。=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだな。まっ、パーッと使ってもいいんじゃねえの？=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね！ここはお姉ちゃんの出番かな？夏は開放的になっちゃうから、お姉ちゃんがしっかりと管理してあ・げ・る♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね！ちょうど矢がなくなりそうだったんだ～=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。これだけあれば、魔法少女のグッズをたくさん手に入れられるかも…=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。これで剣技により磨きをかけられる。まだまだ強くなれそうだ=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。その、誰に渡すか決めてないなら…私がもらってもいい？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。ソイツをどう扱うかは、お前さんの好きにしな=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。ハロウィンのお土産を買いに行ってみようか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。よかったら一緒に舞台、見に行かない？=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。夏を楽しむにも元手が必要だし、ありがたく使わせてもらおうか=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね。騎士クン。みんなを守るために、今以上に魔法を強化したいな=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだね～せっかくのハロウィンだし、イタズラグッズでも買いにいくさ～♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ！これで元気が出るものを買って、夏を満喫しちゃおうよ～♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ！ミソギ、新しいイタズラグッズが欲しいな～=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ！二人でショッピングにレッツゴー！=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ！変身してお腹がすいても、お店でお腹いーっぱい食べられそうだね♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ。花火でも買って、ビーチに遊びに行こう！ぜーったい楽しいよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ～。これだけあれば、屋台のお菓子も買い放題だね～♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ～。使い道は、お姉ちゃんが管理してあげようか？=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ～福袋とか、気になっちゃうよね～☆=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよぉ！これだけあれば、デッカい七面鳥も甘ぁいケーキも食べ放題だよね♪=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだわ！たっくさんキラキラしてて素敵ね！=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだわ！ねえ、みんなとおしゃれなスイーツパーティーなんてどうかしら♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだわ。一杯飲みにいきましょ！あなたはジュースね♪=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいッス！あの、ところで…ブレイブタイガーのグッズが出たらしいッスよ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいッス！こ、これだけあればトラタイガーグッズが…ってなんでもないッス！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいでございます。主さまならさぞ有益な使い方をなさるのでしょう…♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！　先輩はなにに使うんだろう…たぶん、アレかな？=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！お年玉みたいでとってもうれしいですね！何を買いましょうか～？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！これで、だいじょぶマイフレンドくんの更なるカスタマイズを…！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！これはいただきに行くしかないですよ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！せっかくですし…今度のキャンプ飯はリッチにしてみませんか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！わたしのお腹はぺこぺこです！おいしいものを食べに行きましょう！=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！新しいだいじょぶマイフレンドくんを作ってもいいですか…？=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです！金は天からの貰い物…ですね！=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです…！い、いけませんドSさん、クウカが欲しいだなんて…ぐふふ=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです。これで私の能力に、より磨きをかけられますね=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです。たまには、贅沢をするのもいいかもしれませんね♪=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです。先輩がこれで買い物に行くとしたら…あのお店に居れば、先輩を観察できるかな？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいです。有効活用して立派なギルドに成長してくださいね♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですぅ！これで救護院を修理できますね、お兄ちゃん♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですぅ…無駄遣いしないでくださいね…？=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですね…ちょこっとくらいあたしがもらっちまっても大丈夫ですよね？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですね。え？なにか買ってあげる？やっぱりふしんしゃさんですね=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですね。これほどお稼ぎになるとは、さすが主さまですね…♪=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですね。ハロウィンのお祭り騒ぎで使い過ぎないよう、気をつけてくださいよ？まぁ、私がついてるから大丈夫ですけどね。　=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですね。マナを渡せば友達になってくれるかも…え、ダメですか？=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですので、お菓子作りしませんか？子供たちに配る分です。もちろん、あなたにもあげますよ=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですよ！これで毎日でもクリスマスデートに行けちゃいますね！早速今日のデートに出発です～！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですよ！レイ様にプレゼントする気じゃ…私？い、いいですよ別に！=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですよ。貯めるのも大事ですけど、使うのはもっと大事です！というわけで、海の家へ行きますよ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですよ～？ク、クウカに注ぎ込もうというのですか！？なんというドＳ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですわ。あなた様が何を買うかは、私が管理しますわね。=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですわね。使わないともったいないですし、よろしければ一緒にショッピングに行きませんか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですわよ。家一軒くらい、買えるかもしれませんわ。=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいデース！これでクニトリ合戦も有利になるデスね！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいデス！バラまいて家来を増やすデス！宵越しのゼニは持ちまセン！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいと見た。君の雇い主として、使い道をしっかりと管理させてもらおうかな。まずは海の家にでも行こうか。お腹が空いてきたよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいなの～。これでプリンやお菓子がたくさん買えるの！=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいなんだって！おにいちゃん、ミミのお菓子も買ってくれるかなぁ…=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいなんだって。なにか欲しいものある？…わたしは、騎士クンとの…夏の思い出が…=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいなんやって。王子はんはこつこつ貯めるタイプなんやね。素敵やわぁ=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいに！？よっしゃー、魔導書買い漁るぞ～！…え、ダメ？=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったからなんか奢れ！…い、いまのは父の発言です=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったぜ。溜めててもしょうがねえ。早く使っちまおうぜ！なあ、いいだろ？=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったぞ！悪党らしくド派手に使いまくってやる！ついて来い、アタシのおごりだ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったぞ！虚空に呑まれる前に我らの手で救い出してやろう！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったッスね…ひ、ヒーローの人形とか買わないッスか！？=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったです！ルゥお菓子が食べたいですぅ！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったな。せっかくだしこれでパーっと豪華なツアーにしちまおうぜ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったにゃ！これで一緒にさらなる人気メニューを開発しちゃうにゃ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったにゃ！これを使って高級たい焼きの型を作るなんてどうかにゃ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったにゃ。これで海の魔物もどんどん退治できるにゃ～！=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったね。これだけあればレストランのクリスマスディナーも楽しめそうだよ=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったね。何か買い物にでも行ってきたらどうだい？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったね。使いすぎには気をつけないと…=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったね。少年からいただきものなんてうれしいな！あれ、アタシにじゃないの…？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったの！これでクリスマス限定の特別なプリンを買うの～！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったの！これでプリンがたくさん買えるの～！=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったべ。それじゃあマナ板の上に置いとくべ、なんてな！=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたい！魔法使い向けの武器や防具、買った方がいいよね？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたい。お正月にお買い物するなら…福袋とかどう？=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたい。コッコロさんのためにも無駄遣いしないように気を付けなくちゃね=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたいだ。これで一緒にコスプレ衣装を買いに行こうよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたいだね。ありがたい、調査費用に使わせてもらおう！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたいね。余らせてしまうのは、もったいないわよ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったみたいね。夏の冒険に役立てましょう！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！けんぞく、行くならヴァンピィちゃんも手伝ってあげる！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！これでミソギにお菓子買ってくれる～？=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！これはお買い得品を買い揃えておくチャンスじゃない？=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！これを貯めておいたら、騎空艇が買えないかな？=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！よーし、これで大人買いしちゃいますぞ～！って、ダメ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！ルナ、マナってキラキラしてて好きだなー！=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！何に使うか迷っちゃうね！騎士くんはもう決めた？=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！夏休みは困らないくらいのイタズラアイテムを買えちゃうかも！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ！大切に使おうね！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。アンが知ったら大喜びするだろうな♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。これだけあれば、いろんな美容グッズが買えちゃうね！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。これだけあればもう働かなくてもいいよね？=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。わたしもちょっとは強くなれるかな…？=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。新しい装備を揃えてもいいんじゃない？=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ。海の家で一緒になにか食べない？=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ～♪使い道は私がちゃ～んと見ておくね…☆=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったようです。夏休みはおこづかいが足りなくて、困っちゃいますよね。計画的に使わないと！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったようですわね。無駄にしてはなりませんわよ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわ！『秘密の学び舎』のお手入れをしちゃおうかな？うふふ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわ。効率的な冒険に役立てましょう！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわよ！気になってたキャンプ用品、この機会に買っちゃわない？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわよ…私もろとも放置するつもりなのね。随分といい度胸じゃない=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわよ。…もちろん私にくれるのよね？=My, looks like you have full stamina. If you're feeling so full of vim and vigor, why not join me for a few experiments? The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I don't want to repeat anything that I don't have to, so let's put them to good use. The stamina back at the guildhouse is full. That's odd, here I was thinking that lately I haven't felt as strong as I used to be... Oh, pretend you didn't hear any of that! ♪ How nice. Full EXP potions at the guildhouse. You know, any kind of experience can fuel growth. Hey, there's lots of Mana back at the guildhouse. Naturally, you're going to give it all to me, right? All of your items at the guildhouse are full... You know, I'm beginning to think you like to keep me waiting.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったわよ。こういうのは出し惜しみしないこと。いい？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになっちゃった。闇のお姉ちゃんが使い道を厳しくチェック♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになっていますわ。もっと強くなって、よりよい材料を手に入れますわね=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになっているみたいだぞ。魔法少女として使い道を考えてやろう。よし閃いた！お菓子を買って皆に配るのだ！私にもな！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになっているわよ。せいぜい使い道には気を付けることね=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってます～！どうしよう…早くどこかへしまわないと。せ、先輩、手伝ってください～！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってますよ。出航の前に必要な物を買い揃えておきましょうか=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるさ～？夏の陽気に身を任せて、ぱーっと使っちゃうさ～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるぞ。余らしてもったいないし…その、ふ、二人で買い物にでもいかねえか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるな？キミ、いらないならオレがもらっちまうぞ？早くとりにきてくれよな=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるな。お年玉がわりにアタシがもらうぞ！いいのか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるべや。これで牧場のみんなにクリスマスプレゼント買ってくべ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるよ。わたしも精霊も、もっと成長できるかな…？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるわ。何か発注するなら私に任せて。一番お得なところを探し出してみせるわ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになってるわぁ。うちと王子はんで、お揃いの冒険道具を買うのもええなぁ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました！わたし、南国フルーツが食べたいです！=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました！仲間と囲む幸せな食卓のために使っていきましょう！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。お年玉と同じく、賢い使い方をいたしましょう=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。こちらを使って、しっかりと冒険の準備をしましょう=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。たくさんのマナがあれば、ニャットちゃんの餌代も心配なさそうですね。=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。チエルにじゃんじゃん注ぎこめますね=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。何か足りないものがあるなら、お買い物へ行きますか？=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。歌や技だけでなく、機材や装備も整えたいですね=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりました。魔法少女グッズがたくさん買えそうですね=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたね。これだけあれば、たくさん本が買えます=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたね。ご利益のあるものに使えたりしないでしょうか…？=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたね。ハロウィンで配るお菓子を買いに行きませんか？=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたね。ふふ、クリスマスパーティーをしましょうか？=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたよ。主さま、使い道はもうお決まりですか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたよ～！エンジェルの活動に活かしましょうね♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになりましたよ～アカリ、欲しくてたまらないです～=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいにゃ。どんどん強くなってバリバリ儲けるにゃ～=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね！せっかくだし、オシャレなカフェにでも連れて行ってよ！=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね！放課後になったら、一緒にショッピングでもする？=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね。あたしに投資してみない？損はさせないわよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね。アキノさんが変なことに使わないようにしっかり見てなくちゃ…=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね。ちょっと奮発して、いつもより高めのメニュー頼んじゃいましょっか♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね。使いどころは考えなさいよ？=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいね。早く回収しないと、私がカンポーの仕入れ用に使っちゃうわよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのご様子。限りある資源は、有効に活用しなくてはなりませんね=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのようじゃ。これだけあればお年玉にも新春の買い物にも困らぬ。豪勢な正月になりそうじゃの♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのようだ。せっかくだから海の家で使わせてもらおうかな=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのようです。この世界のマナは不思議ですね=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのようですわ。これで終わらない夏を手に入れましょう、あなた様…=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいのようデス！たくさん貯めて、お城を買うのデス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたい！受け取らなきゃおこだよ！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたい！豪華なクリスマスパーティーができそうだね！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたい。ねえ、おにいちゃん！アイスを買っていっしょに食べよ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたい。夏の海は誘惑がいっぱいだから、無駄遣いしないように先生がついていってあげる=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたい。新ビジネスの元手になるかしら？=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたいです。何に使うか…迷っちゃいますね。３人で相談しませんか？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたいですね！海の家でお待ちしてますね♪=Oh! Your stamina is—Oof! U-um, your stamina is full... Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Oh, going to the beach sure sounds nice. Oh, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Don't worry, I can perform my duties just as well in a swimsuit! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Maybe now I can leave my days as a disaster of a maid behind me! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! I'll wait for you at the beachside cafe! ♪ Your items are all full at the guildhouse! Shall I gather them for you? Oh, you're not sure that's a good idea?
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたいですね～。救護院もこれくらい余裕があればいい暮らしが…！=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたいね。新薬の開発費に困ったら、君に頼ってもいい…？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいみたいよ。欲しいものを買ったら、後はお年玉と一緒に貯めておきましょうね～=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいやわぁ。マナって宝石みたいで綺麗やねぇ♪=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ！キラキラ光ってシャンデリアみたい♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ！さっそく使っちゃいましょ。でも、使い道はしっかり考えなさいよ？=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ！そういえばゲームショップのクリスマスセールがもうすぐね…いくわよ！=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ。パーッと使っちゃいましょ！=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ。ほら、ユカリお姉さんからのクリスマスプレゼントよ～、なんてね♪=
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ。マナを使って色々揃えたら冒険が楽になるわよね！=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ。マナを無駄遣いしないように、お姉ちゃんが見ててあげる♪=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいよ。色々と役に立つし、持っておいて損はないんじゃない？=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
ギルドハウスのマナがたまったようです。無駄遣いしないようにみんなで使い方を話し合わないと。あなたも相談にのってください。=
ギルドハウスのマナが上限に達している。可及的すみやかに回収したまえ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
ギルドハウスのマナが貯まっていますね。倹約は美徳ですが、使い時を見誤ってはいけませんよ=
ギルドハウスのマナが貯まってるようやわぁ。お祭りみたいにぱーっと楽しく使ってしまいまひょ♪=
ギルドハウスのマナが限界まで貯まったわね。お金もマナも天下の回りもの。大事にしなさい。=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
ジー…ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだけど、先輩気付いてるかな？=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
シグルドよ、我々のスタミナが全回復したぞ！今こそ前進の時！この疾風の冥姫が敵を蹂躙しよう！=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
ス、スタミナが全回復したみたいですぅ…あ、遊んでほしいな…。=U-um, your stamina is back to full... C-can we play a game? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I heard they're really useful. Um, you have full stamina at the guildhouse... W-would you like to go on an adventure together? There are so many EXP potions at the guildhouse... I wonder if they can help me learn to cook better? Um, you have full Mana at the guildhouse... Make sure not to waste it, okay? Um, your items at the guildhouse are full. Everybody really likes you, huh? ♪
ス、スタミナが全回復しました…あたしは役立たずなので、冒険はお留守番で…え、ダメですか…？=
スキップチケットがいっぱいじゃ。あ、余らせるのはもったいないし、その…わらわとどこかに出かけぬか？=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
スタミナがすべて回復しているみたいです。冒険に出かけませんか？=Your stamina seems to have fully recovered. Shall we go on an adventure? Your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. You should probably collect them. I noticed your guildhouse's stamina supplies are full. Let's go and pick them up—it would be a waste not to. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of EXP potions. I'd be happy to try them myself, if you like. Your guildhouse has produced a full supply of Mana. This world's Mana is so mysterious... All the items you can collect at your guildhouse seem to be full. You should pick them up soon, or I might have to tidy them up.
スタミナがぜんかいふくしたって！ねえ、おにいちゃん！海にあそびにいこ♪すっごくたのしいことが待ってるよ♪=
スタミナがぜんかいふくだって、おにいちゃん！ミミとハロウィンパレードしよ～♪=Wow, you've got so much stamina, mister! Let's go on a Halloween parade! ♪ Eheheh... Trick or Treat! ♪ You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets, mister! Hey, mister, your guildhouse made lots of stamina! Let's go for a walk in our pretty Halloween clothes! ♪ Oh, mister! There's lots of potions at your guildhouse, so let's use them to make Halloween fun for everyone! ♪ I heard your guildhouse is full of Mana, mister! I wonder if you'll buy any candy for me... Oh, mister! Your guildhouse is full of all sorts of items! Eheheh... Happy Halloween! ♪
スタミナが全て回復したようね。ラムに付いてきて欲しいの？仕方がないわね。感謝なさい=Oh look, your stamina is full. You want me to come on a quest? Fine, but you'd better be grateful. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Nice to be able to finish battles with a minimum of effort. Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. Time for you to work hard so I don't have to. Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. The pursuit for strength never ends. See that you give it your all. Did you see your guildhouse has finished generating Mana? Careful what you use it for, now. Your guildhouse is utterly full of items. ...I should clean them up? Well, don't expect me to look happy about it.
スタミナが全回復いたしました。これで森林パトロールに出発できますね、主さま=
スタミナが全回復いたしましたよ。わたくしに冒険のおともをさせてくださいまし=
スタミナが全回復いたしましたよ。主さま、験を担ぎに出かけましょう。わたくしもお供いたします=Your stamina is entirely recovered, my lord. This may be a good time to perform some good luck ceremonies. Of course, I will accompany you. The skip ticket supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. I feel certain that they will bring good fortune in our adventures. My lord, our guildhouse stamina supply has reached full capacity. Perhaps we could use it to play some traditional New Year's games. The EXP potion supply at our guildhouse is full, my lord. With this much experience, perhaps I will be able to dance more effectively... My lord, we have generated a full Mana supply at the guildhouse. Let us use it with care, much like our New Year's pocket money. Our guildhouse item supplies have all reached maximum capacity, my lord. Is this the good fortune that the new year brings?
スタミナが全回復いたしましたわ！さっそく、最高のクリスマスパーティーの準備をいたしましょう！=
スタミナが全回復いたしましたわよ！サレンさんと一緒に冒険に出発ですわ！=
スタミナが全回復し、随分と血色の良い顔になったのう…ごくり。ちょ、ちょっとだけ血を吸ってもよいか？=Your stamina is full, and you are positively brimming with vitality... *gulp* C-could I have a taste of that blood, perhaps? You have far too many skip tickets. We shouldn't let them go to waste, so, ah... shall we go out somewhere together? The stamina you have been generating at the guildhouse is full. Let us use it to make merry on the glorious eve! You have a full stock of EXP potions at your guildhouse, minion. Perhaps they will give me the strength to conquer my garlic weakness! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. With such riches, I could decorate my entire castle for a festive banquet! All the items available at your guildhouse are full. Collect them swiftly, or I may claim them for myself! I-it's not that I am simply hoping for you to visit!
スタミナが全回復したか。戦いに赴くには十分のようだな。=Ah, your stamina has recovered. The time may be ripe to do battle. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Perhaps they could be put to use in carrying out some missions. The stamina supply at your guildhouse seems to be full. If you have excess energy, perhaps some training is in order? Your EXP potion generator seems full to bursting. Building your strength is the first step to defending justice! Your guildhouse is practically overflowing with Mana. While awaiting your return, I was mistaken for a statue... All the supplies in your guildhouse have reached maximum capacity. I will watch over them until your return.
スタミナが全回復したし、ハロウィンでものんびりまったり見て回る～？=
スタミナが全回復したし、ビーチに出かけるのはどうかな？もちろん日差しには気をつけてね=
スタミナが全回復したし、初詣に行こうよ～☆=
スタミナが全回復したぜ！オレの拳が暴れたがってやがる！壁なんかぶち破って、未来に全力疾走だ！=
スタミナが全回復したぜ！ケンカの準備、完了だ！さあオレと一緒に大暴れしにいこうぜ！=Your stamina's maxed out, ready for some brawling! Now let's go show the world what we can do! Looks like your skip ticket stock at the guildhouse is full. You wouldn't take the easy way out of a fight, though, would ya? You've got a full stock of stamina at your guildhouse! How many brawls will that let us take on? I can't wait to get started! Your guildhouse's EXP potion stock is full, bud! I'm gonna get even stronger, so my win record can stay unbroken! That mana stock in your guildhouse seems pretty full. It's not much use if you just leave it there—let's get spending! You know it makes sense! Looks like all the item stocks at your guildhouse are full as full can be! We've got everything we need to brawl to our hearts' content!
スタミナが全回復したってさ。それじゃああたしと正月の遊びでもしようじゃないか=
スタミナが全回復したってさ～。ま、あたしは働かないけどね=Looks like your stamina's all full. Not that I'm gonna do anything about it, though. Hey, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. So skip along and get me some sweet buns. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Think of all the work you can do on my behalf. Those EXP potions at the guildhouse are all full. I'm still gonna laze about if you use them on me, though. You see all that Mana at the guildhouse? Go collect it so you can buy me some games and high-grade sweet buns. All your items at the guildhouse are full. Phew... Notifications sure are exhausting.
スタミナが全回復したってよ！それじゃさっそく行商に行くべさ！=Didja know your stamina's all full up? Let's go out an' sell some quality produce! What a lotta skip tickets you've got lyin' around at the guildhouse! Looks like we'll be gettin' today's work done in no time! That gizmo at your guildhouse is chock-full of stamina! Enough for me to defend the farm an' keep my friends safe too! If this doodah at your guildhouse makes any more EXP potions, it's gonna spill over! This stuff can't be tastier than our good ol' cows' milk, right? You oughtta check your guildhouse Mana supply, 'cause I ain't ever seen so much in one place! Is this what they call "Mana" from heaven?! All the stuff you've been growin' at your guildhouse is as ready as it'll ever be! Now that's what I call a fine harvest!
スタミナが全回復したッス！ここからスーパーヒーロータイムの始まりッスね！=Your stamina's full to bursting! And you know what that means—it's superhero time! Whoa, look at all those skip tickets in your guildhouse! We're set for some adventuring! You've got a full stash of stamina in your guildhouse! Let's go defend peace and justice! Your guildhouse is full of those EXP potions! Just what I need to become a great hero! Looks like your guildhouse is full of Mana. H-have you thought about buying some cool action figures?! Whoa, all the items in your guildhouse are at max capacity! We're as ready as can be for adventure!
スタミナが全回復したッスよ！自分の正義のパワーもみなぎってるッス！ブレイブタイガー、出動ーッ！=
スタミナが全回復したでござるよ！いざ、定期巡回に参りましょうぞ！=Your stamina is chock-full, comrade! Let's go do our regular rounds! Look at all these skip tickets in your guildhouse! Time to go hunting for the legendary spellbook! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with stamina! This looks like a job for a magical girl! These EXP potions in your guildhouse are overflowing! A magical girl's training is never done! Your guildhouse is flooded with Mana! Let's spend it all on ancient tomes! ...Huh? That's a no? All the items in your guildhouse have hit max capacity! So come get 'em! Don't be an item hoarder!
スタミナが全回復したですぅ！一緒に遊びに行くです～！=Our stamina is completely full again! Time for us to go and play! We've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go and live it up while we're young! You've got full stamina waiting at the guildhouse! Now we can go out and play all day! Guildhouse EXP potions are full to the brim! Let's use them right away! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse! Boy, I sure could use something sweet to eat! Hey, all of your items at the guildhouse are full! Better come get them!
スタミナが全回復したデス！ハロウィンセイバーズ、出動デース！=
スタミナが全回復したということで、友達を作りに行きましょう…！=Now that we have full stamina again, l-let's go out to make some friends! Um, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. I think I might've just taken another step toward making friends! U-um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Can I make more friends if I go on lots of adventures? Um, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Do you think I can make more friends if I work on my conversation skills? Oh, the guildhouse has so much Mana. Maybe giving people Mana is the secret to making friends... Huh? It isn't? Your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-it must be nice to receive so many gifts...
スタミナが全回復したな！のんびりしている暇はないぞシグルド、冒険へ出発だ！=
スタミナが全回復したな！よーし、全力で未来にいくぞ！大悪党のお通りだー！=
スタミナが全回復したな！休んでいる暇はないぞ。私と冒険に出かけるのだ！=You are back at full stamina once more. But this is no time for sitting idle. Come, adventure awaits us! You've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! Streamlining our outings will only make us stronger! You have full stamina at the guildhouse! On your feet, soldier! We're going to run some drills! The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! P-perhaps they can help me grow a little taller, too... The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. You may as well take it. After all, you need it to do pretty much anything, right? All items at the guildhouse are fully stocked. It appears you have some very useful supplies in there.
スタミナが全回復したな！先陣を切る騎士狼の姿を見せてやるから、早く冒険に行こうぜ！=
スタミナが全回復したにゃ！よーし！今日もおもちゃ工場で元気に働くにゃ♪=
スタミナが全回復したね！昨日の私たちにはできなかったこと、やりにいこっか！ほら、早く早くー！=
スタミナが全回復したね！街の平和を守るためにお出かけしよっ♪=
スタミナが全回復したね。それじゃ、ハロウィンの街並みを見物しに行こうか=
スタミナが全回復したね。任務開始といこうか。=Your guildhouse is completely packed with skip tickets. These might come in useful for training. Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina. I guess I should get to work. You're coming too, right? Your guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions. Perhaps it's time I honed my sword skills. Just look at all that Mana in your guildhouse. I'm sure there are some good uses you could put it to. You've let a lot of different resources pile up in your guildhouse. Come on, we really ought to take a look.
スタミナが全回復したね。強くなるためには、実戦で経験を積むのが一番だ。さあ行こう！=I see that you have full stamina again. The surest way to grow stronger is to gain experience in actual combat. So let's get out there and fight! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Being able to dispatch foes so quickly is proof that our skills have improved. I see you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If you're feeling extra energetic, I'd appreciate it if you helped me train. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Diligent study is the quickest way to the next victory. The guildhouse has full Mana again. With that, I can refine my swordplay even further. I feel as though my skills are going to reach new heights! You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. You need to collect them quickly. Understood?
スタミナが全回復したの！ハロウィン限定プリンを買いに行くの～=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
スタミナが全回復したの～！みんなにクリスマスプレゼントを配りにいくの。オマエも手伝うの～！=
スタミナが全回復したの～。とっととプリンを買いに行けなの～=Your stamina is super full! Hurry up! Go buy Miyako pudding! Hey you! Full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Time to take Miyako on a pudding hunt! All your staminas at the guildhouse are full up! Use them all to get pudding for Miyako! Ooo, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions... Pour them on some pudding and give them to Miyako! Hey, the guildhouse is super full of Mana! Just what we need for buying all the puddings! There's too many items in the guildhouse now. Come pick them up and give all the puddings to Miyako!
スタミナが全回復したのね！一緒に、お仕事しましょ～♪=Oh my, your stamina has fully recovered! Let's go put in some work together! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! I hear they make work as easy as pie! Uh-oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. Eheheh, now we can really chew the cud. ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Could these be what I need to become a human? My, there's a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! I just love the way it all sparkles! Hey, you have full items at the Guildhouse! Must be nice being popular! ♪
スタミナが全回復したのね。それじゃあしっかりクリスマスを楽しみつくすわよ！=
スタミナが全回復したべ。ささっ、お仕事の時間だべ！=Looks like ya got full stamina again. C'mon, hoss, time to roll up those sleeves an' get to work! The guildhouse is chock-full of skip tickets! Ya reckon they can help me practice my stand-up quicker, too? Hey, you got a buncha stamina at the guildhouse! Just what we need to keep on truckin' at the farm! You got a gaggle of EXP potions at the guildhouse. I reckon these li'l fellas can help me get 'em all laughing! What? You got loads of Mana at the guildhouse? Haven't ya heard it's bad "Mana-rs" to leave Mana sittin' 'round like that? Hey, ya got full items waitin' at the guildhouse. Maybe we can use 'em in some comedy sketches!
スタミナが全回復したべや。クリスマスは書き入れ時だ。あんちゃん、張り切っていくべ！=
スタミナが全回復したみたい！さぁ一緒にゲームを楽しみましょう！=All right, your stamina is completely recharged! Now we can do some serious gaming! Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Now we'll be knocking out quests left and right! Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Sounds like an opportunity for a nice, long questing session! We have a lot of EXP potions at the guildhouse. Leveling up increases stats, too! How cool is that! You've built up a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. We can use it to buy all kinds of gear that makes completing quests easier! You've got lots of items at the guildhouse. Come collect them all so we can put them to use on our quests!
スタミナが全回復したみたい！テンション、アゲアゲだね！=Whoa, look at who's got full stamina! You're just buzzing with energy! Wow, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! You think there's skip tickets that work on studying, too? Hey, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! We're gonna party today! ☆ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they can help me get better grades? You have crazy amounts of Mana at the guildhouse! That means it's time for the two of us to go shopping! Yay, you have full items at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go spend 'em all on a big adventure!
スタミナが全回復したみたい！一緒に踊りましょ♪=
スタミナが全回復したみたい！魔法も試したいし、早く冒険に行こうよ！=
スタミナが全回復したみたい…。帰ってきたら、わたしの歌…聴いてね…？=
スタミナが全回復したみたい…お、お兄ちゃん、クリスマスの町を一緒に歩きませんか…？=Oh, you have full stamina... U-um, would you like to walk around and see the holiday decorations with me? Um, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe these tickets can let us go see some holiday performances? ♪ Y-you've got full stamina at the guildhouse... Um, if you don't mind, maybe you can help me rehearse for my play? You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse... Do you think getting more experience will help me not mumble or be so shy? Um, you've got lots of Mana at the guildhouse... It's the holidays, so I promise not to tell if you spend some of it on silly stuff. ♪ Um, you have full items back at the guildhouse... They must all be presents for you. ♪
スタミナが全回復したみたい。あ、あのね騎士クン…一緒に初詣に行きたいんだけど…ダメかな？=Looks like your stamina has recovered. I was hoping we could go make our first shrine visit of the year together... Is that okay? Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Let's find a place with a nice view of the sunrise to ring in the new year. You have full stamina waiting at the guildhouse. I'll be here making mochi for our New Year celebrations. I'd love it if you joined me. The guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions. I'd like to get stronger and have the courage to express my feelings, too... It looks like your Mana at the guildhouse is full. How about some New Year's shopping? We can try getting some grab bags. The guildhouse is completely full of items. Since we have these osechi dishes here and all, maybe we can relax and eat some?
スタミナが全回復したみたい。一緒に初詣に行きましょ=Looks like your stamina's full to bursting. So are you coming to the temple with me, or aren't you? Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. I hope you're not just going to leave them lying around! There's a full supply of stamina in your guildhouse, you know. Let's burn some energy in a game of hanetsuki. Uh, your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions right now! I'm sure we can use all that extra strength for something. Have you seen how full the Mana supply in your guildhouse has gotten? Come on, less skimping, more spending! All your guildhouse items are full like you wouldn't believe. If you're not going to use them, maybe I will!
スタミナが全回復したみたいだし、私のライブ、見に来て欲しいな♪=Now that you have full stamina and all, I was hoping you could come and see me in concert! ♪ The skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. Do you think they'll make my lessons more productive? Oh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse. I'm always ready to go out on the town, so all you have to do is ask. ♪ It seems the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. They might even be able to help me become a better idol! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full, it seems. Say, would you like to go see a play with me? You can't hold any more items at the guildhouse. Wow, you get almost as many presents as an idol! ♪
スタミナが全回復したみたいだし…わ、私に会いに来てくれたりしないかなぁ？=Seeing as you have full stamina and all now... w-would you maybe come and see me? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. I wonder if they can help shorten my hangovers, too... Um, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse, so, uh... Do you want to go somewhere, maybe? There are lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse. These aren't going to get me drunk, are they? Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. I say it's high time for a drink! You'll be having soft drinks, of course. ♪ Um, your items at the guildhouse are all full. I-I wish someone would give me gifts, too...
スタミナが全回復したみたいだな。おい、出かけるぞ！=Your stamina is back at full. C'mon, we're heading out! I hear your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse. That'll make our explorations easier for sure. I hear ya got full stamina back at the guildhouse. If you're itchin' for something to do, let's go rough up some baddies! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Is that your way of saying you want to see me become even stronger? You sure do have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. Doesn't it make you want to just go blow it all in one big spree? Hear you got full items waiting at the guildhouse. Some of them could come in handy in a fight.
スタミナが全回復したみたいだな。じゃあ、張り切ってガイドするか。キミもついてきてくれよ！=
スタミナが全回復したみたいだね。さあ、楽しい推理の時間の始まりだよ！行こう助手くん！=I detect that you're back at full stamina again. Time to kick off another fun case, my faithful assistant! Your skip tickets are full over at the guildhouse. They'll make our detective work much more efficient! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse. It seems spending long hours on the case won't be an issue now! I see the EXP potions are full at the guildhouse. Time to level up and challenge ourselves with a real brain-twister of a mystery! Hey, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. What luck! That ought to just about cover the costs of our investigation! All of the items at the guildhouse are full! These'll be a big help in our investigations!
スタミナが全回復したみたいだね～♪ハロウィンセイバーズ、出動さ～！=
スタミナが全回復したみたいだよ。さっそく、魔法少女として活動を開始しようじゃないか=
スタミナが全回復したみたいですね。彷徨う哀れな魂の救済に行きましょう=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
スタミナが全回復したみたいにゃ！コーヒーブレイクの後は、キミと冒険に出かけたいにゃ～♪=
スタミナが全回復したみたいね。さあ、がっちり稼ぎに行きましょう！=I hear your stamina is back to full. Come on, let's get out there and make some money! The skip tickets are full back at the guildhouse. Make sure you spend them wisely! Looks like your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Go and snag it quickly so we can start putting it to good use! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. More levels means greater efficiency! Your Mana is full back at the guildhouse. Let's spend it on an efficient adventure! All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let's use them to make our adventures more efficient!
スタミナが全回復したみたいね。ほら、エンジェルとして、困っている人たちを助けにいくわよ！=
スタミナが全回復したみたいね。今なら補習もたっぷりできそうね…ふふ、がんばりましょ♪=Looks like your stamina is completely refilled. I'll bet you can handle plenty of extra classwork now... Heehee, let's give it a shot! ♪ Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Don't go thinking those will let you skip your remedial classes, though! ♪ It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. This sounds like a perfect time to start class! ♪ It appears the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Looks like we're both meant to keep growing and growing! My, you have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse! Would you like to go shopping together once school is out? You have items to claim back at the guildhouse. With these, you'll be in perfect form to study! ♪
スタミナが全回復したみたいね～。先生と一緒に遊びに行きましょうか♪=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
スタミナが全回復したみたいやわぁ。一緒にお出かけしまひょ♪=Aw look, your stamina is full again. Let's you and I take a li'l stroll together, my prince. ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Hafta love bein' able to take it easy. Gosh, you have full stamina at the guildhouse! What say we go on a li'l patrol together, my prince? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Will drinkin' these make my magic work better? Goodness, look at all the Mana at the guildhouse! The way Mana sparkles like jewels is just pretty as can be! ♪ Your items at the guildhouse are all full, my prince! And you're just as dandy as ever, too. ♪
スタミナが全回復したみたいよ。元気があるなら、ひと泳ぎしない？=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Seems like a good time for a swim, doesn't it? You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. It'd be a waste to just leave them, wouldn't it? Oh, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How about we all build some sandcastles together? There's full EXP potions waiting for you at the guildhouse. Let's use them to strive for even greater heights. The guildhouse is full of Mana. Maybe we could use it as capital to start up a new business? The guildhouse is bursting full of items. You'll regret it later if you let them pile up further!
スタミナが全回復したよ！グレアも誘って一緒に冒険へ出かけようよ！=
スタミナが全回復したよ！けんぞくぅ、一緒にお散歩へ行こっ！=
スタミナが全回復したよ！さ～て、ナナカちゃんと真夏の大冒険にレッツゴーですぞ～っ！=
スタミナが全回復したよ！さぁ～のんびりしてる暇はないよ、レッスンの続きをしなくっちゃ！=Your stamina's totally full! C'mon, no time to laze around! We've gotta get back to our lessons! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Wow, we could go pretty much anywhere with all these! Where d'you want to start? Your guildhouse has a full supply of stamina right now! Time for a nonstop lesson challenge! Let's see how many hours we can keep going! Hey, the EXP potions at your guildhouse are full! These'll help me get even better at singing and dancing... won't they? Whoa, your guildhouse is full to bursting with Mana! Is this a chance to take advantage of some great deals? All the supplies at your guildhouse are super full! C'mon, it's a huge waste if you don't clear them out soon!
スタミナが全回復したよ！にいちゃん！戻ってきて海でイタズラしちゃおうよ！=
スタミナが全回復したよ！よーし、ロザリアを探しに行こう！=Your stamina's all full! Time to go search for Losaria! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! It'd be nice if you showed me more places outside the city. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! Come help me train for my forest guardian trial! Look at all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe they'll help me become a full-fledged forest guardian? Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! I'm almost out of arrows, so that's perfect! All your items at the guildhouse are full! They're gonna go to waste if you leave them there!
スタミナが全回復したよ！早速街に出て思う存分クリスマスを楽しもうね！=Your stamina's fully recovered! Let's go into town and enjoy the holidays together! Wow, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! With all these tickets, we could hold a seasonal concert! Your stamina supply at the guildhouse is full! With this much energy, I could sing all night long! Did you notice your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full? Maybe they'll help me improve my performance! There's a full supply of Mana at your guildhouse! Let's spend it on a fancy party for the holidays! All the items at your guildhouse are completely full! Even Santa would be amazed by such a mountain of gifts!
スタミナが全回復したよ！波がヒデサイを待ってるよ！=Whiz-boy, you've got full stamina! Time to use it all at the beach! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! It'd be a waste not to use them, right? There's full stamina waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's go get it! Did you hear? There's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They'll boost my cute game for sure! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana, my dude! Better not sleep on it! Omigosh, you should see all the items at the guildhouse! You could swim in all of that, LOL!
スタミナが全回復したよ！立派な騎空士になるため、これからも一緒に頑張ろうね！=Your stamina is maxed out again! We're going to need to work together if we want to become top-class skyfarers! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Do you think traveling would be easier, too, if we could fly? stamina is back to full at the guildhouse! I feel like no job is too big for us now! The EXP potions at the guildhouse are at capacity! I'm going to get stronger and become a great skyfarer just like my father! Your Mana has filled up again at the guildhouse! Do you think we'll be able to afford an airship if we keep saving up? The items at the guildhouse are at max capacity! You've got all sorts of good stuff there, so don't let any of it go to waste!
スタミナが全回復したよ。さぁて、体が鈍らないように冒険に出かけようじゃないか=
スタミナが全回復したよ。じゃあ、冒険に出かけようか=Your stamina's recovered now. Shall we go on a new adventure? I noticed you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Maybe you should check in on them. Your guildhouse supply is full of stamina. Do you think it's time we headed out? Looks like your EXP Potion supply at the guildhouse is full. Will these make me even stronger? You've got a full supply of Mana at the guildhouse. I wouldn't advise using it all at once, though... You should check in on the items at your guildhouse. I think they're all full.
スタミナが全回復したよ。ねぇ、遊びにいってくれないの？=Your stamina is completely full. Hey, don't you want to go out and play? There are loads of skip tickets waiting for you at the guildhouse! Let's hurry up and use them all! The guildhouse is full of stamina! Come on, don't you want to go out yet? There are so many potions at the guildhouse! I want to try one, too! There's so much Mana at the guildhouse! I love Mana, it's so sparkly! You've got loads of items to accept at the guildhouse, they're all full up!
スタミナが全回復したよ。ハロウィンパレードを目いっぱい楽しんじゃおう♪=
スタミナが全回復したよ。ビーチは恋人達でいっぱいだけど、騎士クンはどうする…？もしよかったら…わたしと…=
スタミナが全回復したよ。ほら、早くレッスンの続きに行こう。手伝ってくれるんでしょ？=Your stamina's completely recovered. Come on, let's get back to our lessons. You're going to help me practice, right? The skip ticket supply at your guildhouse is full now. Going on a trip doesn't sound like such a bad idea. You've got a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. I think that's enough resting. Let's focus, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of EXP potions. I feel like my Violet Power might be getting stronger too... Your guildhouse Mana supply is full. Maybe it's time to buy a new set of equipment? All the item supplies at your guildhouse are full. They'll go to waste if you don't come and clear them out.
スタミナが全回復したよ。時間があれば私に付き合ってほしいな…い、今のはあれだよ、そう、冒険の話！=
スタミナが全回復したよ～。…ちょっと、働けって圧力かけるのやめてよね=Hey, your stamina's all recovered. ...Aw, c'mon, don't give me that "get to work" look. Looks like your guildhouse skip ticket supply is full. Here's hoping we can skip all my work. The stamina supply at your guildhouse is full, huh? Neat contrast with my stamina, which is at zero. I spotted you've got a full pot of EXP potions over at the guildhouse. 'Course, all my experience just teaches me to slack off. You've got a full Mana stash at the guildhouse. With a fortune like this, we'll never have to work again... right? Wow, all your supplies at the guildhouse are full. Got any sweet buns tucked away in there? How about acorns?
スタミナが全回復したよ～☆元気なら私とおでかけしてほしいな～♪=
スタミナが全回復したよ～♪お姉ちゃんとピクニック…じゃない、冒険に行こう！=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
スタミナが全回復したよ～♪ね、お兄ちゃん、世界の果てまで冒険しようよ！=
スタミナが全回復したようだ！カフェの片付けが終わったら、すぐに冒険に出かけるぞ！=
スタミナが全回復したようだな！さぁ、変身だ！魔法提督ラブリー★モニカとして街の平和を守りに行くぞ！=
スタミナが全回復したようだね。お正月だからって怠けすぎは禁物だよ。一緒に特訓しよう！=It appears your stamina is completely refilled. There's no excuse for lazing around, even if it is the new year. Let's go train! So, your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse? Wrapping up early so we can take in the New Year's festivities does sound nice. I see that your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Perhaps we should take advantage of the weather and do some snow combat training? I see the guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Exploring the nature of true strength is a cause that never rests, not even on New Year's. There's quite a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With that much, we could visit the New Year’s sales and... Oh, um, it just so happens I'm free today... You have items waiting for you at the guildhouse. Don't slack off just because it's the new year. I'm waiting, too, you know.
スタミナが全回復したようだね。聖女仮面としてクリスマスの街を見回りしようか=
スタミナが全回復したようですね…はっ！まさか万全のスタミナでクウカの帯を…！？=Your stamina is completely full... Ohhh! Are you going to use all that energy to tug on my belt?! Your guildhouse is full to bursting with skip tickets! Are you planning to get battles out of the way so you can close in on my kimono...?! Your guildhouse can't hold any more stamina! Are you planning to use it all at once so I won't have a moment's rest?! Your guildhouse has produced a full stock of EXP Potions... Are you plotting to make me "grow up" so you can try all kinds of new things?! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I-I don't care what price you offer, Mr. Sadist, I'll never sell my dignity! Eheh... Gueheheh... Your guildhouse is packed with more items than it can hold! Are you planning to drown me in all these supplies? *drool*...
スタミナが全回復したようですね。お出かけするのでしたらどこまででもお供しますよ。=I see that your stamina has fully recovered. I shall accompany you wherever it is you decide to go, my lord. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Would you consider taking some with you on your next adventure? Excuse me, your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Hehe, you are so spirited, my lord. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I must become stronger so that I can keep my lord safe! The guildhouse is full on Mana. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised that my lord is so skilled at earning it... ♪ All of your items at the guildhouse are full. These are the fruits of all your hard work, my lord.
スタミナが全回復したようですね。初詣に出かけますよ。貴方も付き合いなさい=
スタミナが全回復したようですね。夏のステージは体力勝負です。気合を入れていきましょう=
スタミナが全回復したようですわ！時は金なりといいますし、さっそく参りましょう！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Time is money, as they say, so let's get straight to work! You have so many skip tickets at the guildhouse. Why, with these, my horrible sense of direction won't matter in the slightest! My, your stamina is quite full at the guildhouse. Perhaps I can request your services as a knight the next time I have to clear out some monsters. Your guildhouse is fully stocked with EXP potions! I'm certain they can help me gain experience as an entrepreneur, too! Ah, I see you have a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. I suppose you could afford a house with that much. My, it seems your guildhouse is full of items. Say, don't you have a butler to handle these things for you?
スタミナが全回復したようですわね。これであなた様で様々な実験ができますわ…クスクス♪=Oh, I see that your stamina has fully recovered. Now I can conduct all sorts of tests on you... Teehee. ♪ The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Now we can let the fighting take care of itself and spend some quiet time together. Oh, your stamina has recovered at the guildhouse. Now that you're practically bursting with vigor, perhaps I should... Teehee... ♪ Oh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Medicine is a truly wonderful thing... Teehee. ♪ You have quite a wealth of Mana at the guildhouse. Don't worry, I'll decide exactly how you should spend it. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. What's yours is mine... and that includes you. ♪
スタミナが全回復したようやわぁ。王子はん、一緒に舞踏会へ行きまひょ♪=
スタミナが全回復したよっ！お正月だし、一緒に羽根突きしようよ！騎士くんを墨だらけにしちゃうんだから♪=Hey, your stamina is full! And it's New Year's, so that means badminton! I'm not gonna let you get in a single point! ♪ Your skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Hey, let's go fly kites after this! We'll see which of ours can fly the highest! Heya, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! Hmm, something we can do indoors? Let's gather everyone to play some cards! ♪ Looks like the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! I want to get stronger so I can help all kinds of people! Your Mana's full at the guildhouse! What're you gonna spend it on? I recommend some grilled squid from that food stand! ♪ All items at the guildhouse are filled to the max! Here, let me help you organize— Huh? This one looks broken. You'd better come get these!
スタミナが全回復したよヒデサイ！ハロウィンセイバーズ、しゅっつどーう！=
スタミナが全回復したよ助手くん。海での調査は体力が必要不可欠！さぁ張り切って調査開始だ！=
スタミナが全回復したよ弟くん！これはもう、海でお姉ちゃんと一緒に遊び尽くすしかないねっ！=
スタミナが全回復したわ〜！愛と希望とちょっぴりの闇の力で、秘密の授業スタート♪=
スタミナが全回復したわ！今だけは宿題を忘れて、思いっきりバカンスを楽しんじゃおう！=Your stamina's completely refilled! You can forget about homework for now. Let's make the most of this holiday while we can! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Looks like this vacation's getting a perfect score! Your stamina at the guildhouse seems to be full, so would you mind helping with my swimming lessons? The guildhouse is just full of EXP potions. Maybe they'll help me in my quest to learn how to swim. Look at all that Mana at the guildhouse. How about we make our way to the beachside cafe for some food? The guildhouse is full of items now! Let's go see if there's anything we can use at the beach!
スタミナが全回復したわ。さっさと準備して出かけましょ！…あたし、なにか美味しいものが食べたいわ。もちろん魔物料理以外でね♪=
スタミナが全回復したわ。そろそろあたしと冒険に出たくなったんじゃない？=
スタミナが全回復したわ。体力があり余ってるなら私に奉仕するか、私と戦うか…どちらがお好みかしら？=
スタミナが全回復したわ。新しい冒険に出るには、良い頃合いじゃないかしら？=
スタミナが全回復したわ。私、正月のお祭りへ行ってみたいのだけど、一緒についてきてくれるかしら？=
スタミナが全回復したわね！さ、物産展も舞台も張り切っていくわよ！=
スタミナが全回復したわね。よーし、事故ゼロ・怪我ゼロ・効率全開で頑張るわよ！キミもついてきて！=
スタミナが全回復したわね。海の冒険は体力勝負だから、助かるわね！=You certainly seem full of stamina. Just what you need for some seaside adventures! I think your skip ticket supply at the guildhouse is full. Let's head out and enjoy the summer sun! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full to the brim. I'm sure you'll be able to power through the summer heat now! Your guildhouse has generated a full stock of EXP potions. Let's boost our levels and conquer the beach! The Mana you've been generating at your guildhouse is full. Let's use it to fund a summer expedition! All the items at your guildhouse are at full capacity. Let's put them to use and maximize our seaside efficiency!
スタミナが全回復したわね。準備ができたらミッション開始よ！クリスマスのエンジェルは大忙しなんだから=
スタミナが全回復したわよ！紳士らしく、アタシをエスコートしてちょうだい！=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
スタミナが全回復したわよ。ハロウィンの街に繰り出しましょ！=Your stamina's all recovered! Let's head out into town and enjoy Halloween! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Which means you've got a responsibility to take me on a date. Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. And you look like you're in the mood for some candy, so let's go get some. EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! I'll use them to become an even more bewitching woman. ♪ Hey, your Mana at the guildhouse is full! What, you think I'm excited? Of course I'm not! Your items at the guildhouse are all full! Don't forget to pick them up—and some candy too!
スタミナが全回復したわよ。使わないのはもったいないし、冒険に行くんならついてってあげてもいいわよ？=
スタミナが全回復したわよ。診察のお手伝い、よろしくお願いするわね♪=
スタミナが全回復したんだ。なら一緒にリゾートを回ろうよ。気になってる場所がたくさんあってね=
スタミナが全回復したんだって！お兄ちゃん、一緒にあそぼ！=Hey, your stamina's all full! Let's play! Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! Guess we can go to all sorts of places now! Looks like your stamina at the guildhouse is full. So let's go on a big adventure! Check out all those EXP potions at the guildhouse! Maybe I'll become a classy lady if I drink them... There's tons of Mana at the guildhouse! And I've heard Mana is super, super important! All your items at the guildhouse are full! Must be nice getting so many gifts!
スタミナが全回復したんだって！さあ、出発しようよ！=Your stamina has fully recovered! Come on, let's get a move on! Hey, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! This way—hurry! You have full stamina back at the guildhouse! All right, let's get out there and show the world what we've got! Your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full! Let's put them to good use on our quests! The guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana! Let's be careful how we spend it! It seems all items at the guildhouse are full! Don't let them go to waste!
スタミナが全回復しています。一緒にハロウィンパーティ、行きますか？仕方ないので、ついていってあげます=Your stamina seems to have filled up. Would you like to go to a Halloween party? I suppose you'll need me to come too. Just look at all these skip tickets lying around at your guildhouse! Try not to use them all in a rush, or you might trip and fall. Have you noticed the stamina supply at your guildhouse is full? If you put on a costume, I'll take you out to collect some candy. It looks like your guildhouse has finished making EXP Potions. But if I grow up too much, will people still give me candy? Your guildhouse is full of Mana, so do you want to make some candy treats? To hand out to children, I mean. Of course, I'll let you have some too. How did you let your guildhouse get so full of items? You should hurry up and accept them. Halloween doesn't last forever, you know!
スタミナが全回復していますし、一緒に冒険に出かけませんか？錬金術でしっかりサポートいたします！=
スタミナが全回復していますね。さあ、行きましょう。私が一緒に戦ってあげますよ=Your stamina is entirely full. Come along, then. I suppose I'll lend you a hand in battle. Your guildhouse has finished generating skip tickets. Hurry and accept them, now. Do you not appreciate convenience? Your guildhouse stamina supply has reached capacity. If you have energy to spare, perhaps you can lend me a hand. There's a full supply of EXP Potions in your guildhouse's generator. I suppose I'll take them for myself, if you're not using them. Well, this is quite the supply of Mana you've generated. Just what I need to refine my abilities further. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of items. I'd like to make good use of them, so I suggest you collect them quickly.
スタミナが全回復しているぞ！海が私たちを呼んでいる…ともに冒険に出かけようではないか、シグルド！=
スタミナが全回復しているな。これなら存分にクリスマスを愉しむことができそうだな♪=You seem to be brimming with stamina. Just what we need to enjoy all the thrills of the festive season! ♪ Your guildhouse is packed full of skip tickets. It's the season to be merry, so why not use them with abandon? Cut loose and go all out! Your guildhouse stock is full to the brim with stamina. Come, you should accompany me to a place where we can expend it all! ♪ The EXP potion supply at your guildhouse is full. There's no such thing as too much strength, so let us take a generous swig! Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. Do you need me to direct you in making productive use of it? All of the item supplies at your guildhouse are full to bursting. Why don't we wrap them up as a grand seasonal gift? Hahahah, I jest!
スタミナが全回復しているようだ。百獣の王を目指すなら今だぞ☆=
スタミナが全回復しているよ助手くん。事件は街に溢れている。さぁ、変身して捜査を始めよう！=Your stamina is full, my assistant! This city is full of cases to solve, so let's transform and begin the investigation! A guildhouse full of skip tickets... This smells like foul play. As a Magical Detective, I must identify the culprit... Your guildhouse seems to be positively brimming with stamina. I could solve this case with a wave of my wand, but perhaps you'd like to help? Just look at this pile of EXP potions in your guildhouse! We magical girls draw our strength from love and hope, but I wouldn't turn down a little something extra. My dear assistant, your guildhouse is brimming with Mana! Let me solve your predicament by suggesting some uses for it. Every item supply in your guildhouse has reached its limit, and we both know who's responsible. Perhaps you'd like to do something about this, my dear assistant?
スタミナが全回復しておるぞ。さあ、ぐずぐずするでない、わらわとともに正月を制覇しにゆくのじゃ！=
スタミナが全回復してはりますなぁ。新しい冒険に出かけるのにちょうどええ頃合いどすえ、王子はん♪=
スタミナが全回復してはりますよ。一緒に不思議の国に行きまひょか♪=Your stamina's all full again, my prince. Does a li'l trip to wonderland tickle your fancy? ♪ The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. I ain't one for rushing, but I'll do anything for my prince. ♪ You've got full stamina at the guildhouse. How's about we go for a li'l swim together? Gosh, look at all the EXP potions at the guildhouse. Are you savin' them up for one big moment? A li'l birdie told me that your Mana at the guildhouse is all full. Hafta say, the way you save up is so lovely. The guildhouse is burstin' full of items! Miracle Mahorin... Huh? Magic ain't the best way to clean them up?
スタミナが全回復してますね！美味しくおせちを食べるためにも、運動してお腹をすかせましょう！=
スタミナが全回復してますよ。せ、先輩さえよければ…今日の怪盗活動、付き合ってもらえませんか？=
スタミナが全回復してますよお兄ちゃん！かわいい妹と一緒に不思議な大冒険に出かけましょうっ！=
スタミナが全回復してみなぎってるさ～！歌って踊りながら、冒険に出発さ～！=Look at all that stamina! With that much, we can dance, sing, and even go on an adventure! The skip tickets at the guildhouse are full! I wanna go swimming, so let's get this done in a jiffy! Your stamina at the guildhouse is all full! The party isn't over yet! We've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They might make my dancing even funkier! Your Mana at the guildhouse is full! Don't think, feel! The summer atmosphere'll tell you how to spend it! Your items at the guildhouse are full! Let's grab 'em all and make the most of our time at the beach!
スタミナが全回復してるみたいね。夏の日差しに気をつけて、いっぱい体を動かしましょうね=
スタミナが全回復してるわよ。せっかくのクリスマスだもの、一緒にお出かけしましょ？=
スタミナが全回復してるわよ。引き続き診察の助手、頼むわね。三が日も忙しいわよ！=
スタミナが全回復して元気いっぱいになったわ！さあ、キャンプに向かうわよ〜！=
スタミナが全回復しました！ストレッチしておくので、あとで一緒にレッスンしましょうねっ=Your stamina's all recovered! I'll do some stretches to prepare, so let's get down to some lessons soon! You guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full. Why don't we go on an adventure together for a change of pace? I think your guildhouse's stamina supply is full. I'm in top form too! I can still keep doing my best! There's a full supply of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Idols and adventurers both need to keep pushing their own limits! ♪ Your guildhouse has a full supply of Mana. If there's anything you need, shall we go on a quick shopping trip? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full! If you want to clean it all up, I'll be happy to help!
スタミナが全回復しました！元気にたくさん依頼をこなしてくださいね♪=
スタミナが全回復しました…体力の満ち溢れたドＳさんはクウカに…ぐふふ…=Ahhh, you're practically bursting with stamina... "His body throbbing with forceful vigor, Mr. Sadist grabbed hold of Kuka and..." Gueheheh... Oh my, the guildhouse has so many skip tickets... What are you going to do with me with all that extra time? The stamina at the guildhouse is full, but you're still not coming to take it...? Ahhh... You're trying to drive me crazy with anticipation, aren't you?! There are full EXP potions at the guildhouse. With these, I can climb that next step on the path of adulthood... Gueheheh... You have so much Mana sitting at the guildhouse... Wait! C-could it be that you're planning on buying me with it?! The guildhouse is completely full of items. Just think of all the sick things you could do to me with them... *drool*
スタミナが全回復しました…父が、ハロウィンコスプレの女の子を眺めに外出したいと言っています=Your stamina is fully recovered... Apparently my father would like to go out and look at girls in Halloween costumes. Your guildhouse's skip ticket supply is full now... There's always time for some Halloween adventures. Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina... Perhaps we should throw a big Halloween party. The EXP potion device in your guildhouse is overflowing... This should give us the strength to defeat any nasty Halloween spirits. The Mana generator in your guildhouse is full. Let's buy some candy to hand out at Halloween. All the resources being generated in your guildhouse are full. Do you think it's time for some Halloween adventures?
スタミナが全回復しました。アカリサンタも元気いっぱい！みんなにハッピーをお届けに行きましょう♪=
スタミナが全回復しました。これから一緒に見回りへ出かけませんか？=
スタミナが全回復しました。これで、ぼっちとバイバイできるかな…？=Your stamina seems to be full. Will this help us say bye-bye to our bashful lives of lonerdom...? I think the skip tickets in your guildhouse are at their limit! They, um... aren't useful for making friends, are they? No, I didn't think so... Your guildhouse has generated a big supply of stamina! What are we going to do with it all? Sh-should I practice introducing myself?! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions... If I drink the whole supply, will I level up from "loner" all the way to "normie"?! Your guildhouse is overflowing with Mana! Could I use some of it to build a brand new version of My Little Buddy? All the item stocks in your guildhouse are bursting at the seams... just like me when I have to talk to new people...!
スタミナが全回復しました。これなら、少し遠くの本屋さんにも行けそうです=Our stamina seems to be full again. Maybe we can go checking out bookstores a bit further afield. Oh, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Now I can avoid any undue physical exertion in battle. It seems you have full stamina at the guildhouse. If I get stronger, maybe I can help everyone, too. The EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I wonder if they can help improve my health, too... Oh, we have a lot of Mana at the guildhouse. With this amount, we'll be able to put plenty of books on our shelves. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Once you finish collecting them, how about we do some reading together?
スタミナが全回復しました。精霊のために歌う準備は出来てます。…アイドルの歌は、これからです=Our stamina has completely recovered. My songs for the fairies are finished, but I still need to work on some songs for the stage... You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Please, lend me your strength in keeping the people safe from evil. You have maximum stamina at the guildhouse. Would you mind joining me for some singing practice today? You’re full up with EXP potions at the guildhouse. Hopefully these will keep my throat in tip-top shape. There is full Mana waiting at the guildhouse. It'd be lovely to acquire some new equipment and supplies in addition to the usual songs and skills. All of the items at the guildhouse are full. Would you have preferred me to tell you with a song instead?
スタミナが全回復しました～♪ドＳさんのみなぎる野性を闇のドＭ、クウカにぶつけてください～♪=
スタミナが全回復しましたね…！今ならどこでだってキャンプができそうです…試しに行きましょう！=
スタミナが全回復しましたね。これで聖夜のステージを歌い切れます…聴いてくださいね。=Our stamina has completely refilled. Now I can give it my all at the holiday concert... I hope you'll be there to hear it. Say, the skip tickets at the guildhouse are full. Let us use these blessed gifts wisely! Oh my, there's so much stamina at the guildhouse. Could it be a present from Santa Claus? Oh, the EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. I have a feeling these can help me sing even nicer hymns. Oh, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. Heehee, shall we throw a big holiday party? All your items at the guildhouse are full! They should come in really handy for some holiday adventuring!
スタミナが全回復しましたね。では、冒険に出かけましょうか。海での探し物や除霊なら私に任せてください=
スタミナが全回復しましたよ、お兄ちゃん♪いざ、クリスマスデートに出発です！=
スタミナが全回復しましたよ、お兄ちゃん♪牛さんたちのお世話にいきましょう！=
スタミナが全回復しましたよ！おいしい魔物を狩りに行きましょう！=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
スタミナが全回復しましたよ！これでバイト仲間作りを目指して、働きましょう…！=
スタミナが全回復しましたよ。お知らせをしてもらわないと忘れちゃうなんて、仕方のない人です=It looks like your stamina's all recovered. Honestly, can you not remember anything without me reminding you? The skip ticket supply in your guildhouse is full, you know. I just finished my homework, so shall we go out somewhere? The extra stamina in your guildhouse seems to be full. What do you need all that stamina for? A gymnastics test? Your guildhouse supply is filled up with EXP potions. Heheh... I'm going to grow up and catch you in no time! Your guildhouse seems to be full of Mana. Huh? You'll buy something for me? That's a very suspicious offer... All the supplies in your guildhouse are full to bursting. You'd forgotten all about them, hadn't you?
スタミナが全回復しましたよ。さっそく海へ行きましょうか。私が遊びたいわけじゃありませんから！=
スタミナが全回復しましたよ。一緒にランドソルの平和を守りましょう！=Your stamina is fully replenished. Let's go and defend peace in Landosol together! The skip tickets in your guildhouse are full. This should help us to defeat some monsters. You have a full stamina supply at your guildhouse. Maybe it's time to take the fight to the Antibeasts. The EXP potion stock at your guildhouse seems to be full. I need to become strong just like my sister... You have a lot of Mana waiting at your guildhouse. How much magical girl merchandise could that buy? All the items waiting at your guildhouse are full. Once you've claimed them, will you join me on my patrol of Landosol?
スタミナが全回復しましたよ～。お出かけするなら、ご一緒しませんか？=Hello there, you have full stamina again! If you're going out, perhaps I can join you? Oh, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. Um, I don't suppose they would help me finish my work faster, would they? You have stamina waiting at the guildhouse. And I'm waiting for you too! Oh, your EXP potions at the guildhouse are full. Do you think more experience could cure my klutziness?! Wow, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse. If only the Orphanage had that much, imagine all the wonderful things we could do... All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Let me get them for—Ack! They slipped right out of my hand!
スタミナが全回復しましたよ～。神殿のお手伝いの続き、がんばりましょう！=Your stamina is fully recovered! Let's keep helping out at the temple, shall we? Your guildhouse has a full supply of skip tickets. Do you want to come on a walk with me? Your guildhouse stamina supply is full! That sounds like my cue to go on a big cleaning spree! You've got a full supply of EXP potions at the guildhouse. They'll help me grow less clumsy for sure, right? ...Right? Wow, you've got a full Mana supply at your guildhouse. Is there anything we can spend them on that will bring us good fortune? All the items you can collect at your guildhouse are full. Let me quickly tidy them up a little... Wait—w-wahhh! Noooo!
スタミナが全回復しましたよ☆これで泳ぎに行けますね！=Heya, your stamina is back to full! ☆ Now we can go for a swim! Skip tickets at the guildhouse are all ready to go! Which means it's time to go procure some seafood! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full! Let's race each other to the ocean! Heya, the guildhouse is full of EXP potions! If I grow any bigger than this, I'm going to need a new swimsuit! The guildhouse has full Mana! I sure would love to chow down on some tropical fruit! You've got full items waiting at the guildhouse! How crazy is that? ☆
スタミナが全回復しましたよ騎士さん！ハロウィンは大忙しなので、手伝ってもらえますか？=
スタミナが全回復しましたわ！わたくしバリバリ働きますわよ～！=
スタミナが全回復しましたわ。あぁ、真夏の海であなた様を…さあ、早く参りましょう…=
スタミナが全回復しましたわ。とろけるようなバレンタイン、私とずっと一緒に過ごしましょう…=Your stamina has fully recovered. Now we can spend a long and stimulating Valentine's Day together... Your guildhouse can hardly hold any more skip tickets... I'll use them to gather chocolate ingredients. Your guildhouse is brimming with stamina... Teehee. If you're going anywhere, I'll happily accompany you... for all eternity. Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Perhaps I'll mix some into this chocolate... I'm just joking. Teehee... Your guildhouse has finished generating Mana. Perhaps now we can procure the highest quality of ingredients... All the items in your guildhouse are full. I'll wait right here for you to come and pick them up... As long as it takes... Teehee.
スタミナが全回復しまシタ！オシノビでお出かけしマショウ！=Your stamina is full, Shogun! Let us go out on the town in disguise! Shogun! Your guildhouse cannot hold all these skip tickets! Let's mount a swift offensive and conquer lands upon lands upon lands! Your guildhouse has finished making stamina, Shogun! The ninja night is still young! Your guildhouse is full of EXP potions! Time to complete my training and become an unbeatable ninja! Look at these piles of Mana in your guildhouse! I'm sure they'll tip the balance in our favor when we contest with rival nations! Shogun! Your guildhouse is full of all kinds of items! It's a cornucopia of conquest supplies!
スタミナが全回復だ！なあなあ、アタシと羽子板で勝負しないか？=
スタミナが全回復でございます。海で主さまを待っていますね=Your stamina has fully recovered, my lord. I will wait for you on the beach. Our stock of skip tickets at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should go out on a journey together. Our guildhouse's stamina supply seems to be full. Come, my lord—let us practice our swimming technique. Our guildhouse EXP potions have reached maximum capacity, my lord. Will they help me to grow in various ways? It seems our Mana supply at the guildhouse is full, my lord. Perhaps we should splash out on a treat for ourselves! All of the items at our guildhouse are at maximum capacity. Come, my lord—let us claim our rewards together!
スタミナが全回復デース！天下統一を目指すのデス！=Your stamina is completely restored, Shogun! Now is the time to conquer the lands! Shogun! The guildhouse is full of skip tickets. They're just like using my Ninpo: Flying Squirrel no Jutsu! Shogun, your stamina is full at the guildhouse! I bet it works just like my ninja rations! The guildhouse is chock full of EXP potions! I can feel the inspiration coming for a new ninja technique! The guildhouse is laden with Mana, Shogun! We should save it up to purchase a castle! All items at your guildhouse are full, Shogun! They'll all be vital resources to help us conquer the lands!
スタミナが全部回復したみたい！ねえ、どこかにいってみない？=I think you've recovered all your stamina! Hey, why don't we go out somewhere? Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets now! They seem so convenient, you should really collect them! Your guildhouse's stamina supply is full! Let's try not to waste any, shall we? Oh, your guildhouse is full of EXP potions. Go on, you should pick them up quickly! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! I'm sure Puck will be happy that we have so much to spare. Your guildhouse finished filling up with items! Wow, all these different types. Think of all the things we could do!
スタミナが全部回復してるね。かわいいボクが特別に冒険に付き合ってあげるよ。うれしいでしょ♪=
スタミナが回復したみたいですよ！冒険は準備簡単ですね！=Looks like your stamina is back to full! You know what they say about adventuring—it pays to be well-perspired! Hey, you have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Quick and hasty wins the race, so let's skirt around those battles! Your stamina at the guildhouse is full again! You know what they say—it's good to save for a snowy day! Oh, there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse! They say the best medicine always tastes like glitter, but... Huh? What does that even mean? The guildhouse has full Mana! You know what they say about money—easy come, easy stay! You have full items to claim at the guildhouse! If you just let 'em sit there, it's like casting pearls before twine!
スタミナが回復したみたいにゃ。あたしの水着を見たいなら早く戻るのにゃ～=Your stamina's nyice and full! Better get moving if you want to see me in my swimsuit! Hey, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's go hunting for rare items! There's a full pot of stamina at your guildhouse! And I'll cook up some taiyaki to give you even more energy! Your guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. Let's go on a summer adventure! Myahahah! Look at all the Mana you've generated at the guildhouse! With this much, we can take care of all the monsters on the beach! All the items at your guildhouse are stocked to bursting! If you don't nyeed 'em, I'll take 'em instead!
スタミナが回復したみたいにゃ。時は金なり！戻って1ルピでも多く稼ぐのにゃ～=Looks like your stamina is feline good. Time is money! Hurry back so we can claw in every last rupie possible! Ya got full skip tickets back at the guildhouse. We'll be rakin' in the loot paw over claw with those! Seems the guildhouse is at full stamina again. Nyow we can go clobber creeps until we're a couple of fat cats! The guildhouse is littered with EXP potions! This little kitty is still growin', so these'll be a big help! The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana nyow. We gotta sharpen our claws so we can keep scratching up even more loot! Myahoo, you've got full items at the guildhouse! Come and get your paws on 'em before they go to waste!
スタミナが回復したようだね。コンディションがベストなボク…つまり完璧なる美ということだよ！=Oh, look at that—our stamina is full once more. At peak condition, I am the very embodiment of flawless beauty! Oh, the guildhouse is full of skip tickets. Spare yourself the battles so you can spend more time basking in my beauty! ♪ Ah, your stamina at the guildhouse has replenished. Now you can gaze upon my splendor in peak condition! ♪ I hear there's full EXP potions at the guildhouse. It would appear my beauty was meant to soar to even greater heights! ♪ Word is you have Mana to spare at the guildhouse. I wouldn't be upset if you used it to lavish me with gifts... ♪ My, you have a lot of items at the guildhouse. I assume they're all gifts for me?
スタミナが回復しましたよ。アカリ、またお兄ちゃんとしたいな～♪=Hey, big guy, I see your stamina is full again. I was hoping we could go another round or two... ♪ Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now you and I can do it even more... Battle with enemies, I mean! ♪ Your stamina at the guildhouse is replenished. Hurry back—I don't think I can wait much longer... ♪ Oh hey, the guildhouse is full on EXP potions. Don't you worry—I'm going to keep getting bigger and bigger! ♪ There's sooo much Mana at the guildhouse. Ooh, I want it so bad, I can barely control myself... Is that a guildhouse full of items you have there, or are you just happy to see me? ♪
スタミナが有り余ってますよ！わたしにもギルドハウスにも！=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
スタミナとやらが回復したみたいだ。愉快なことがあるなら、少しくらい付きあってもいいぞ？=Apparently your stamina is full. If you have any entertaining plans, I wouldn't mind accompanying you. Your guildhouse's stock of skip tickets is full to bursting. But what would possess anyone to cut short the thrill of battle? Your guildhouse has generated a full supply of stamina. Shall we go forth to rend flesh and dye the fields with blood? Your guildhouse has produced all the EXP potions it can hold. But if I become even stronger, do you really think you can handle it? Your guildhouse is full to the brim with Mana. If you want to make an offering to me, I'm not about to stop you. All the items at your guildhouse are full to bursting. What's yours is yours, so hurry and accept it!
スタミナ全回復！ほらほら騎士くん、海に行って人助けしよう♪それともプールがいいかな！？=
スタミナ全回復～♪お兄ちゃん、一緒にクリスマスのお買い物に行こうよ～！=Your stamina is back to full! ♪ Hey, come help me shop for presents! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go to the big plaza and make a snowman! ♪ Yay, you've got max stamina at the guildhouse! Let's start the holiday party right away! ♪ You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! Think Pukichi will get bigger if he drinks some of them? Yaaay, look at all that Mana at the guildhouse! Now we can stuff ourselves on a big, fat turkey and some super sweet cake! ♪ Hey, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Better get 'em quick, or Santa Pukichi is gonna give 'em out to the kids! ♪
スタミナ全回復ー！ねえねえ騎士くん、早く一緒に冒険に行こうよー！=
スタミナ全回復したし、冒険に行くぞっ！　早く準備しないと置いてくからなっ！=Your stamina's full, so let's go on an adventure! I can't wait around all day, you know! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Let's get the boring stuff out of the way, then go out for some crepes! Your guildhouse is all done generating stamina! Now we can do whatever we like! Uh, within reason, I guess. Look at all these EXP potions in your guildhouse! If you don't need 'em, can I take a few? The guildhouse is packed with tons of Mana! Now if only it could help me grow a few inches... Well, can't hurt to try! All the items at your guildhouse are full! If you're busy, I'll pick them up for you! ...What? Of course I'm not gonna run off with them!
スタミナ全回復したようじゃな。わらわと共に、世界征服へ出陣じゃ！=Your stamina is fully primed, I see. The time is ripe for us to conquer the world! Your guildhouse's supply of skip tickets is full. Let us make short work of our weaker foes! Your guildhouse cannot hold any further stamina. With such a rich supply line, we can make war to our hearts' content! Your guildhouse is overflowing with EXP potions. Could these concoctions restore me to my adult form? Your guildhouse's store of Mana appears to be full. Excellent work... Any successful campaign requires funds! Your guildhouse can generate no further items. Perhaps you should offer these supplies as a gift to your dark mistress.
スタミナ全回復したんだって！ねぇ、どこに遊びに行く？夏だし、やっぱり海？それとも山？両方行っちゃおっか♪=
スタミナ全回復してるよ！コスプレ姿で冒険に出発だ～♪=
スタミナ全回復してんよ～。ゲンキいっぱいじゃーん？アタシのぶんもガンバ～♪=
スタミナ全回復だとよ、お前さん。手が足りない時はあたしを呼びな。加勢するよ=Looks like your stamina's fully recovered. Don't hesitate to give me a call if you need a hand. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Nothing like a nice stroll, huh? The perfect excuse for a nap. Hey, your stamina at the guildhouse is all full. Nothing wrong with having free time, but don't forget to stay active. The guildhouse is full up on EXP potions. If you need me to get stronger, then I'll do just that. The guildhouse is overflowing with Mana. It's up to you how you use it, though. Your items at the guildhouse are all full. Now seems like as good a time as any to go all out, I'd say.
スタミナ全回復だよっ！バレンタインは、お姉ちゃんと一緒に甘い時間を過ごそうね♪=Your stamina's all full up! Are you ready for a sugary-sweet Valentine's Day with your big sis? ♪ Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Were you planning on a little Valentine's adventure? I'd love to come too! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of stamina! Now we can enjoy the whole day together without ever getting tired! ♪ Look at all these EXP potions at your guildhouse! Your big sis might get even stronger now! ♪ Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Here, let me budget it all out for you. All the items at your guildhouse are full! Come on, let's tidy up together. If you do a good job, I'll pat you on the head! ♪
スタミナ全回復っ！あたしも元気満タンだよ！準備が出来たら、冒険へレッツゴー！=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
スタミナ全回復です！でもお腹はぺこぺこです、ご飯行きましょう！=Your stamina is completely full! But my stomach is completely empty. Let's go eat! You have tons of skip tickets at the guildhouse. These tickets are just like food—you don't want to let any of them go to waste! Both me and the guildhouse have stamina to spare! You've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! C'mon, let's go gulp 'em down! Oh, you've got Mana wasting at the guildhouse! Hey, do you think Mana is edible? Every item at the guildhouse is fully stocked! You think there's any food in there?
スタミナ全回復なのだ～！ハツネちゃんはいつでも準備オッケー！がんばるキミを応援しちゃうよ！=
スタミナ全快ッス！さあ、一緒にハロウィンの平和を守るためパトロールッスよ！=
スタミナ全快ね。何してんのよ。さっさと冒険に行きましょ？=Your stamina is topped off again. So? What're you sitting there for? We need to get out there and do some quests! The skip tickets back at the guildhouse are full. Make sure to grab them if you're heading out. Well, your stamina at the guildhouse is full, so it's time to get out into the field. C'mon, follow me! The guildhouse is all filled up with EXP potions. I'm going to be more powerful than ever before! ♪ You've got full Mana sitting at the guildhouse. It comes in handy pretty much everywhere, so what's the harm in carrying it with you? Hey, you've got items sitting at the guildhouse. Come grab them so we can get adventuring!
スヤスヤ…ギルドハウスのアイテム…ぜんぶ…いっぱい…ぐぅ=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
ちぇる～ん☆先輩、ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいになってます！チエルがますます可愛くなりますよ！=
ちぇる～ん☆先輩、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいになってます！飛ばしまくりフェス大開催ですね！=
ちぇる～ん☆先輩、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいになってます！少しはユニ先輩に分けてあげたらどうです？=
ちぇる～ん☆先輩、スタミナが全回復しましたよ！さあ祭りの会場へ飛び込みましょう！=
ちぇる～ん♪スタミナが全回復しました。遊びに行くならチエル付き合ってあげてもいいですよ？=Cheru~n! ♪ Your stamina's all full up! If you wanna go out somewhere, I guess I can tag along! You've got a whole bunch of skip tickets in your guildhouse! Sounds like you're ready to do tons of errands for me. That stamina thingy in your guildhouse is full! So I guess you're ready to work your butt off for me. You've got a full stock of EXP potions in your guildhouse! Which is great, 'cause I needed a pick-me-up. You've got soooo much Mana in your guildhouse! To spend on me, obviously. Check your guildhouse out, 'cause all the supplies are full! Isn't that just the excuse you needed to drop by and see me? ♪
ちょ、やばい、スタミナ全回復してる。なんかした方がいいんじゃないの、知んないけど=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
ちょーちょー、秒でギルドハウス来てくんない。全アイテム溜まりまくりフェス開催中つって。これマジでヤバだわ=
ちょっと先輩！ギルドハウスの貴重なマナが溢れかえってますよ！さすがのチエルもこれは引きます！=
トリックオアプリ～ン♪ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいなの～=Your stamina filled right up! Time to go buy special Halloween pudding! Trick or pudding! Your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! Your guildhouse made too much stamina! Time for a Halloween party to use it up! Your guildhouse filled up with EXP potions. Miyako will play tricks if you don't pick them up! How much Mana is in your guildhouse now? Enough to buy puddings and treats for Miyako! Your guildhouse is all filled up with items! Pick them up and let's do Halloween!
なんか～ギルドハウスのマナがパンパン的なー？すげーあふれててウケっから～はよ来なね～=
なんかアドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったってさ。報酬あるみたいだし確認しときー=
にいちゃん、スタミナが全回復したよ！これでミソギと遊びに行けるね！=Hey mister, your stamina is totally full! Now we can go have some fun! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse, mister! Looks like you and me oughtta go on a big expedition! Your stamina is full back at the guildhouse! C'mon, mister, hurry up and come get it! We've got tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I might just end up bigger than you with these! There’s a ton of Mana sitting at the guildhouse! You know, I could really use some new prank supplies... The guildhouse is packed to the rafters with items! If you don't come get 'em quick, don't blame me if they disappear! ♪
にいちゃん、スタミナが全回復したよ！ハロウィンパーティーしよう！=Hey, mister! Your stamina's full! C'mon, let's throw a huge Halloween party! Look, your guildhouse is full of skip tickets! You know what that means... Trick or Ticket! Whoa, there's tons of stamina here at your guildhouse! On a related note, you oughtta give me candy! The EXP Potions at your guildhouse are full! Maybe I can use them to power up my tricks into SUPER tricks! Your guildhouse just made a whole bunch of Mana! You're gonna use it to buy me candy, right? The items at your guildhouse are all filled up! Come and collect them already! I haven't booby-trapped the generators or anything, heheh...
はい、アドベンチャーが終わったわよ。結構あたしも頑張ったんだから、忘れずに報酬を確認しなさいよね？=
ハァイ♪ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！ビッキィと楽しく冒険にでかけようじゃないか！=
ハイタ～イ！スタミナが全回復したし、私と見回りに行くさ～♪=Haitai! Your stamina is full again, so come join me on patrol! ♪ Heya, the skip tickets are full at the guildhouse! Moving quickly is important in both karate and questing! Hey there, your stamina at the guildhouse is full. Let's use it to dance and sing together! Wow, we've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Drink a few of these, and anyone can become a black belt! There's lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. We can spend some of it polishing my karate techniques! Heya, all your items at the guildhouse are full! Want me to help you collect them?
ハハッ！ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだよ！たくさんの貢ぎ物、かしこみかしこみ～！=
ひゅうひゅう♪スタミナ全回復です！大事な仲間たちと、全力全開の冒険に出かけましょう～！=
ぷー…アドベンチャー終わりでーす。お宝あるみたいだからコレもらっとくわ。なんか文句ある？=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
ぷー…べつにいんだけどさ、さりげスタミナ全回復してンだよね。ソッコーなんとかしてもらっていいすか=
ふふっ、お兄ちゃんってば、こんなにためちゃって♪ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいです！=
ふむ、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットが上限に達しているな。有って困るものではない、回収したまえ=
ふむ、ギルドハウスのスタミナが上限に達しているな。いざ聖学祭を制覇するぞ、ユニちゃんズ出陣だ！=
ふむ、ギルドハウスのマナが上限に達しているな。学びに必要なものだ、無駄にするんじゃあない=
ほーい・アドベンチャーかんりょーっと～。報酬めっちゃあってやばみだわ～。はよ取り来て～=
ぽーん！スタミナが全回復しました！ドクター・ユニがお待ちです、馬車馬のように働いてください！=
ほら、ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいよ！こういう気遣いができるなんて、アタシって大人よね=Your stamina is back to full! Now, escort me around town as a proper gentleman should! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. You'll be using them to take me someplace nice, right? Look! stamina at the guildhouse is totally full! Only someone as mature and responsible as me would have noticed. There's lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! What's going to happen to me if I keep growing? Look at all that Mana you have at the guildhouse! Now's your chance to take me out to a stylish cafe! Hey, your items are all full at the guildhouse! I bet you'd never remember to get them if I didn't say anything, huh? What a goof!
ほら、スタミナが全回復してるじゃない！早く戻ってきなさいよ！=Hey, can't you see that you've got full stamina?! Quit goofing around and get back here! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Come and grab them fast so you can take me to the beach! Hey, you've got full stamina at the guildhouse! C'mon, it's time for a little fun in the sun! There's tons of EXP potions at the guildhouse! You know, I might just end up getting even stronger! You have a lot of Mana sitting at the guildhouse. Think carefully about how you spend it, okay? Hey, you've got full items at the guildhouse. I thought I'd give you a reminder, since everything's in one ear and out the other with you.
ほわあああポーションが！ギルドハウスのEXPポーションが容量いっぱい！何コレもったいなぁ～！=
まぁ！ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱい！ふふっ、無駄遣いはしないようにね？=Look at you and your full stamina. What say we go off together somewhere? ♪ My, my. Your skip tickets at the guildhouse are all full. Now we can go all sorts of places together. Your stamina at the guildhouse is full. And just where do you plan on taking me, young man? The guildhouse is full to the brim with EXP potions. Seeing everyone's growth always makes me happy. Goodness me! Look at all that Mana in the guildhouse! Just don't go wasting it now, you hear? Hehe. All of your items at the guildhouse are full. Don't forget to collect them now, okay?
マナがいっぱいだって！何に使おうかな～！あたしはソフトクリーム…って、これもしかしてデートかな！？=
むむっ！ハツネちゃん感じるよ！ギルドハウスのスタミナが…いっぱいになりました！=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
もうダメぇ…ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいですよ～！早く受け取ってくださいね、お兄ちゃん♪=
やぁやぁ！ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいだよ！これだけあればネズ耳がいっぱい作れそうだね！=
やっほー！ギルドハウスのアイテムがぜんぶいっぱいだよ！…もしかして騎士くん、忙しいの？=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
やばばば！ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいだって！もらってハロウィンパーティーの続きしよーよ！=
ヤバい。ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテム、全部フル貯まってる。そろそろ取りに来てくんない=Uh. Hold up. Your stamina's full.  Shouldn't you be, like, doing something with that? Not that it's my business. I'm at your guildhouse right now, and I gotta say. These skip tickets? There's a lot of them. So, uh. The stamina at your guildhouse? It's kind of overflowing. Thought you might want to know. Have you, like, checked your EXP potion machine lately? 'Cause I think it's full. Just a heads-up. Amazing. Your guildhouse is drowning in Mana. How does that even happen. So, these item gadgets at your guildhouse. Have you noticed they're all full?  Maybe you could... you know. Make them less full.
るんたった～♪スタミナがかいふくしたよ。おにいちゃん、ミミたちと一緒におさんぽしにいこう♪=
るんたった～るんたった～♪ギルドハウスのスタミナいーっぱい♪おててつないでおでかけしよー？=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
わ～、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱい！ミミね、おにいちゃんとお散歩にいきたいな～=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
わぁぁ♪お兄ちゃん、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいです。エンジェルの活動に役立ちそうですね！=
わわっ、ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだよ～！これを使って、夏をめいっぱい楽しんじゃおうよ！=
わわっ！？ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいですよ！満腹にしていいのはお腹だけです！早く受け取りに行きましょう☆=Your stamina's totally full up! Let's go hunt some tasty monsters! We've got a guildhouse full of skip tickets! You wouldn't skip mealtime, though, would you? Our guildhouse can't hold all this stamina! Let's go burn it on exercise, and work up a healthy appetite! Our guildhouse is full of EXP potions! The more you eat and drink, the bigger and stronger you'll grow! ☆ We've got too much Mana for the guildhouse to hold! And I'm starving! Let's head out and buy a huuuuuge meal! Wh-whoa! Look at all these items at our guildhouse! A full stomach's one thing, but a full guildhouse is just a waste! We should claim them all right now! ☆
わわっ！ギルドハウスのスキップチケットがいっぱいだ！お昼寝の前にお散歩しに行こう～=Ta-daaa! ☆ Your stamina is full! Let's go help some people! Whoa! Piles of skip tickets in the guildhouse! Let's get a walk in before I take my nap! Oho, I can feel it! stamina at the guildhouse... is back to full! The guildhouse is brimming with EXP potions! Those can make my superpow—I mean, my m-magic even stronger! Yahoo, look at all the Mana in the guildhouse! Surely you can spare some for me, right? Right? Zzz... All items... guildhouse... full... Zzz...
ん～、なににつかおっかな～。あ、おにいちゃん。ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいになったよ～=Eheheh, you've got full stamina! ♪ Wanna come play with Mimi, mister? Wooow, so many skip tickets at the guildhouse! I wanna go take a walk with you, mister! La-la-la-la! ♪ Full stamina at the guildhouse! ♪ Can we hold hands when we go out? Your guildhouse is full of these potion thingies! D'you think they could help me grow up fast? Wow... What should we do with all this? Oh, hi, mister! Your guildhouse is full of Mana! Ooh, look at all these items to get at the guildhouse! Wowie... Can I have some, too?
んもぅ、ギルドハウスのスタミナが余ってるわよ。何をするにしても体力は重要だわ。=Oh, looks like your stamina has recovered. If you've got energy to spare, why not lend me a hand? You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse. They're just sitting here gathering dust, so please pick them up quickly, okay? You have stamina just sitting at the guildhouse. You shouldn't neglect your own physical vitality. You have full EXP potions at the guildhouse. Experience is vital. It's an essential part of growth. The guildhouse Mana stores are at full capacity. Money and Mana make the world go round, so be sure you spend it prudently. You have items to claim at the guildhouse. You know, putting these kinds of things off until later always leads to trouble down the road.
主さま、ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいでございますよ。遠慮なくお受け取りくださいまし=
主さま、スタミナが全回復いたしましたよ。冒険の準備が整いましたね。では、共に出発するといたしましょう=
兄様、ギルドハウスのマナがあふれております…！少々もったいないので、受け取りにいらしてくださいね。=
兄様、スタミナが全回復しておりますよ。どうかまた冒険にご一緒させてくださいませ。=
先輩、アドベンチャーが終わりました…あの、帰ってきてますからね？報酬もちゃんと見に来てくださいね！？=
先輩、アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりました…忘れずに報酬を確認しにきてくださいね？=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
先輩、スタミナが全回復しましたよ！　…よし、練習はバッチリ…=Look, your stamina is completely full! ...Yes, that's how I'm going to say it... *stare* The guildhouse is full of skip tickets... I wonder if he's noticed... Y-your guildhouse is f-full of stamina! ...Aaaahhh, I actually said it! His guildhouse can't hold any more EXP potions. I wish I could actually tell him... Your guildhouse is full of Mana! But what are you going to spend it on? I think I can guess... All the items in the guildhouse have filled up to the brim... I was watching the whole time.
先輩たいへんです！ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが全部いっぱいです！ちぇるってる場合じゃありません！=
先輩のスタミナが全回復してる…先輩がどこにお出かけしても、後ろからついていけるように準備しなくちゃ！=
君、スタミナが全回復しているぞ。端的に換言すれば狩り時だ、出撃準備をしたまえ=Ahem. Your stamina seems to be full. In the terms of the layfolk, it's time to hunt. Prepare to sally forth. The skip tickets in your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you proceed to withdraw them. The stamina at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you claim it forthwith. The EXP potions at your guildhouse have reached the limit of their capacity. I suggest you retrieve them with haste. The Mana at your guildhouse has reached the limit of its capacity. I suggest that you spend it with abandon. All the supplies at your guildhouse have reached the limits of their capacity. What possessed you to leave them unchecked for so long?
少年、アドベンチャーが終わったよー。もちろん、報酬もバッチリ。これでも七冠だからね=
少年、アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わったよー。今回は頑張ったし、報酬も期待してよね=
少年、スタミナが全回復してるよ。元気が余ってるなら冒険といこう！=
弟くん、アドベンチャーが終わったよ！お宝もあるけど、それよりまずはお姉ちゃんとの交流だよね♪=Uh-oh, look who has full stamina again! How about we go on a picnic... or rather, a big adventure! You've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Now you don't have to fight any of those scary battles! Yoo-hoo, there's full stamina at the guildhouse! Time to go on an adventure with your big sis! You have lots of EXP potions at the guildhouse! I can't wait to see my little bro all grown up! You have lots and lots of Mana at the guildhouse. But don't worry... Big Sis will be right there to make sure you don't spend it frivolously! ♪ The guildhouse is completely full of items! And they're all yours, just like your big sis!
我々のギルドハウスのマナが満杯だぞ！シグルドよ、当然私にも分けてくれるよな？=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
我々の本拠地のスタミナが今にも溢れそうだ！活力を無駄にするなよ、シグルド！=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
我々の根城のスキップチケットの貯蔵が限界に達したぞ！遠慮せずに受け取るがいい！=Sigurd, our stamina has fully recovered! Now is the time for us to press the attack! Hecate of the Gale shall lay waste to all who would stand in our path! skip tickets at our bastion have reached capacity! There's no need to hesitate. Claim them as your own! Our stronghold is overflowing with stamina! Do not squander this precious lifeforce, Sigurd! EXP potions have replenished at the guildhouse! I shall obtain greater power, and thus advance on the path to being the mightiest of them all! Our guildhouse is brimming with Mana reserves! Sigurd, I trust you will share this wealth with your comrade? Your guildhouse is filled to the brim with valuable items! If you don't claim them, then perhaps I shall!
私の占いによると、ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムが、すべていっぱいになったみたいです…=I sense that you are at peak stamina again. Let's go back out and save more lost souls from their suffering. You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse... or at least that's what the little girl standing right behind you says. It appears your stamina is full at the guildhouse. Would you mind assisting me with an exorcism I've been asked to perform? Guildhouse EXP potions are now full. With these, perhaps I can take another step toward becoming a proper medium. A guildhouse full of Mana? Then buy me something, brat! ...S-sorry, that was my father speaking. All your items at the guildhouse are full... Or so the spirits tell me.
騎ー士さーん、ギルドハウスのマナがいっぱいですよー？もうドバドバのパツパツーって感じですっ★=
騎士くん、ギルドハウスのEXPポーションがいっぱいだよ♪たくさん飲んでパワーアップした夏を過ごそう！=
騎士くん！ギルドハウスのスタミナがいっぱいだよ！困ってる人を助けるには体力が大事だよね！=stamina is back at full! I'm bursting with energy, too! Once you're ready, let's get out there and do some quests! You have full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's go bop those baddies lickety-split! Mr. Knight! Guildhouse stamina is at full! Being in shape is a key part of helping those in need! The guildhouse is fully packed with EXP potions! We've got to drink lots and lots of these so we can get even stronger! The guildhouse is bursting with Mana! It must be tough choosing how to spend it! Or have you already decided, Mr. Knight? Yahoo! All items at the guildhouse are full! Oh, sorry... are you busy with something right now, Mr. Knight?
騎士クン、ギルドハウスで受け取れるアイテムがいっぱいになってるよ。…えっと、精霊も心配してるから、受け取りに来てほしいな=
騎士クン、スタミナが全回復したよ。…冒険に行くなら、わたしも連れて行って欲しいな=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
騎士クン、スタミナが全回復したよ。冒険に出かけるの？わたしも一緒に戦うね！=
騎士クン。ギルドハウスのアイテムがいっぱいになってるから…一緒に、受け取りに行かない？=Mr. Knight, your stamina is back to full again. If you're going out into the field, I sure hope you take me along. The skip tickets are all full at the guildhouse. Does this mean we won't have to fight as much? You have full stamina at the guildhouse. Um, Mr. Knight? What do you say we step out somewhere for a bit? You have full EXP potions back at the guildhouse. Hopefully they can help me improve my spellcasting a little... The Mana back at the guildhouse is full again. I wonder if I can become a bit stronger, too... Mr. Knight, you have full items at the guildhouse. How about we go collect them together?
騎士クン。スタミナが全回復してるよ。出かけるなら、精霊も一緒についていきたいんだって=
騎士さん、アドベンチャーが終わりましたよ！ほら、早く報酬を確認してください！みんな待ってますからね？=
騎士さん、アドベンチャーで設定してた繰り返し出発が終わりましたよ！報酬、早く確認してくださいね？=
騎士さん！スタミナが全回復しました！ボサッとしないで、早く行きますよ！=Mr. Knight! Your stamina is full! No more sitting around—let's get moving! Hey, you've got full skip tickets at the guildhouse! Let's get out there and use them up as fast as we can! Oh, is that not how it works? Your stamina at the guildhouse is completely full! Now I can  juggle making costumes and organizing concerts, no problem! You've got full EXP potions at the guildhouse! Once I take my needlework to the next level, I'm going to stitch up a storm! Look at all that Mana at your guildhouse! I bet you're going to buy a present for Rei— What? For me? Wh-why would I want one? All your items at the guildhouse are full! Um, hello? Mr. Knight? Are you listening to me?
騎士さんのスタミナが全回復してますね！ほらほら、夏バテしてる場合じゃありませんよ！=
騎士さんのスタミナも全回復したみたいですしー、さっそくわたしとデートしてくださーい♪=

